---
hidden: true
---

# Meeting Minutes January 20, 2026

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Akheel Fouze           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ian McCullough         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Attendees:

* Chaya
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal
* Jeremy Firster
* Jonathan Knegtel
* Jordan Hatcher
* Meek Owen's

\
Recording: [Membership & Community Committee - 2026/01/20 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1K8m_T3f6QXtHp4JRdMX--8GLKhhrEJJ5/view?usp=drive_link)

\
Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2026/01/20 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1McuddRADLqjRdPJXtspFtghjZ_tGPwsZ5VpU_sXUA8M/edit?usp=drive_link)

\
Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/01/20 - Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15bY08jTLBheWoxuJiziDtpvsIpicS7W_/view?usp=drive_link)

## Intros

Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Abhik: TBD\
Boaz: TBD\
Fanny: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
Ian: TBD\
Jose: TBDLaurentine: TBD\
Maureen: MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
Olivier: TBD\
Sanjaya: MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon

## Agenda 01.20.26

* Quick opening & check-in (2 mins)
* Visibility on what’s actually moving (5 mins)
* Align on next concrete actions
* Visitor session: The Grid (15 mins)
* Workstream updates (25 mins total)
* Open blockers & dependencies (10 mins)
* Confirm next actions before the next meeting (8 mins)

## Decisions/Actions

### Decisions

* Meeting Frequency: The committee officially adopted a bi-weekly (every two weeks) schedule for public/official meetings to allow more time for execution between updates.
* Hub Branding & Strategy: It was decided that future proposals will focus on Intersect Hubs (rather than Cardano Hubs) to align with Intersect’s funding and governance structure.
* Internal Working Groups: Sanjaya, Akheel, and Fanny will lead the Hubs working group, with an agreement to allow other MCC members (like Laurentine) to join the internal discussions.
* Grid Pilot: The committee reached a consensus to explore a pilot program with "The Grid" to address data and source-of-truth issues within Intersect.

### Actions&#x20;

* Sanjaya/Abhik: Post a poll in the internal Discord/WhatsApp channels to finalize a new time for Open Office Hours (target: \~2:30 PM UTC).
* Maureen: Coordinate and set up a work session with Jonathan, Jordan, and the MCC to define the scope of the data pilot program.
* Maureen: Finalize the "Start Here" page document by the end of the week and integrate feedback from the committee.
* Sanjaya/Akheel/Fanny: Extract data from previous working group documents to draft a new Hubs framework and KPI proposal by early February.
* Abhik: Conduct one-on-one ClickUp training sessions for committee members (specifically Akheel) to improve project tracking.
* Abhik/Chaya: Coordinate on the social media spreadsheet to ensure original content created by Chaya is posted to X (Twitter), rather than just reposts.
* Elected Members: Each member is tasked with identifying and completing three specific work items before the next meeting in two weeks.
* Sanjaya: Invite Laurentine to the internal Hubs discussion group/WhatsApp.<br>

| Topic                                  | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Open Office Hours Timing               | Participation has been low due to timing. Sanjaya proposed moving Monday slots to 8:00 PM – 10:00 PM IST (approx. 2:30 PM UTC).                                                             | Action: Abhik/Sanjaya to post a poll in the internal chat for preferred timings.                          |
| Guest Introduction: The Grid           | Jeremy introduced Jonathan and Jordan from "The Grid." They specialize in high-quality market intelligence and ecosystem data coordination.                                                 | Jeremy noted a need for high-quality, up-to-date info on Cardano builders.                                |
| Presentation: The Grid                 | Jonathan presented "The Grid," an API-first metadata layer. It aims to provide a "source of truth" for project data (logos, descriptions, status) across wallets, explorers, and AI agents. | The model is "Directory as a Service" without competing for end-user traffic.                             |
| Open Data Principles                   | Jordan explained the Open Data model, using licenses similar to OpenStreetMap to ensure validated data remains a permanent, free resource for the ecosystem.                                | Boosts innovation by removing "data rent" or fees.                                                        |
| Verification & Bias                    | Jonathan explained the "Four Eyes" principle (human + AI validation) and strict language rules to prevent marketing fluff/bias.                                                             | Verification currently uses project-specific email checks; treasury/on-chain signatures are future goals. |
| Business Sustainability                | Wilco questioned the long-term business model. Jonathan clarified they seek yearly ecosystem sponsorships but also aim to sell data to large entities like Bloomberg.                       | Working with Ethereum L2s and major stablecoins currently.                                                |
| MCC Pilot with The Grid                | Maureen expressed interest in a pilot program to address Intersect’s information gaps. Abhik suggested linking them with Akheel for the member benefits workstream.                         | Action: Maureen to coordinate a work session with "The Grid" team.                                        |
| Workstream Updates                     | Fanny is working on community support tasks. Maureen is developing a "Start Here" page for new Intersect members to reduce friction.                                                        | Action: Committee members to review/comment on the "Start Here" draft in the drive.                       |
| Community Hubs Framework               | Sanjaya, Akheel, and Fanny are extracting info from past working group docs to structure a new proposal for "Intersect Hubs" by early February.                                             | Focus on transparent KPIs and making hubs attractive to the board.                                        |
| Hub Participation Conflict             | Laurentine noted that hub discussions should be open to all members. Sanjaya explained they were using the board-assigned members but welcomed her contribution.                            | Action: Sanjaya to invite Laurentine to the hub discussion group.                                         |
| Project Management                     | Wilco and Maureen urged the use of ClickUp for transparency. Akheel admitted being "rusty" with the tool.                                                                                   | Action: Abhik offered one-on-one ClickUp training for committee members.                                  |
| Meeting Cadence (Bi-weekly vs. Weekly) | A heated discussion occurred regarding the shift from weekly to bi-weekly (every two weeks) meetings. Terence and Abhik argued it allows more time for work between updates.                | Maureen expressed concern that momentum dies without weekly touchpoints.                                  |
| Social Media Status                    | Wilco noted that Chaya's original content wasn't being posted, only reposts. Chaya confirmed she has original templates and posts ready in the tracking sheet.                              | Action: Abhik to coordinate with Chaya to ensure original posts go live.                                  |
| Final Decision: Meeting Frequency      | After debate, the committee agreed to stick with the bi-weekly (every two weeks) official schedule, but Maureen will organize internal "catch-up" meetings as needed.                       | Decision: Next official meeting is in two weeks.                                                          |

