# Meeting Minutes February 17, 2026

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Akheel Fouze           | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ian McCullough         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Attendees:

* Chaya
* Jordan Hatcher
* Lara Bonasorte
* Larisa Mcfarlane
* Lorenzo Bruno
* Mladen Lamesevic
* Mwangi Brian
* Pedro Lucas
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal

\
Recording: [Membership & Community Committee (Intersect) - 2026/02/17 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/159Ptu6CiKtNBJB8whuPMllgmtPoGh1Sp/view?usp=sharing)

Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee (Intersect) - 2026/02/17 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wMlvf8uxwJjxxLOSXUZs2ChoOU2_FB6tAiwW3x1bPGQ/edit?usp=sharing)

Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2026/02/17 - Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f3hcudf_oHRg_zm7CPliusp4wBoBfYQq/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Abhik: TBD\
Boaz: TBD\
Fanny: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
Ian: TBD\
Jose: TBD\
Laurentine: TBD\
Maureen: MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
Olivier: TBD\
Sanjaya: MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon

## Agenda 02.17.26

* Quick Reset on MCC Priorities – 12 mins
* Hubs, Remit & Budget Drafts – 5 mins
* Dashboard Translation Coordination – 3 mins
* External Partner Pilot Discussion – 10 mins
* Lally and Lucas Discussion – 10 mins
* Open Office Hours Update – 5 mins
* Members Accountability Check – 10 mins
* Summary, Next Steps & Closing – 5 mins

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* Translation Platform: The committee will continue using the PO Editor for site-wide translations.
* Budget Strategy: The MCC will cap its budget request at 300,000 ADA, prioritizing Hubs and contributor incentives.
* Meeting Cadence: The Thursday budget session will proceed, focusing on finalizing the remit and KPI documents for the February deadline.

#### Action

1. Members: Review the MCC Remit and Draft Budget documents in the shared drive and leave comments by Thursday.
2. Sanjaya: Finalize and share the Hub KPI document by the end of the week for inclusion in the budget proposal.
3. Abhik: Create a ClickUp-linked form for other committees to sign up for MCC Open Office Hour slots.
4. Abhik: Schedule the Thursday work session with Lorenzo and ensure all relevant emails (including Laurentine's) are correctly CC'd.
5. Boaz/Laurentine: Coordinate on the remaining French translation terms to reach 100% completion on the site.

| Topic                        | Discussion                                                                                                                                                        | Notes                                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Communication & Media Update | Chaya has drafted articles and posts. She successfully edited video content (including Cavinda’s Japan speech) using a new third-party app for YouTube and X.     | Chaya also oriented developers and founders at the Hong Kong Consensus event toward Midnight and Cardano spaces.                          |
| Translation Workstream       | Boaz has been using the PO Editor platform to translate the Intersect site. He successfully translated 300 terms/paragraphs from English to French.               | Action: Abhik to ensure Laurentine is included in future emails to coordinate French translation with Boaz.                               |
| Draft Budget Overview        | Maureen presented a draft budget capped at 300,000 ADA. Key allocations include 220,000 ADA for hubs and funds for contributor support/research.                  | Members are asked to review the budget document and leave comments as no live Q\&A was held.                                              |
| Remit Revision               | Lorenzo emphasized that the current public MCC remit (from 2024) is outdated. A current remit is a dependency for the board to approve budget proposals.          | Action: Members must review and clarify the remit document this week. A draft is due by the end of February.                              |
| Open Office Hours            | Maureen suggested making office hours more inclusive by inviting other committees. A scheduling clash with the Open Source and Budget committees was noted.       | Sanjaya will investigate moving his commitments to accommodate a new time slot for these sessions.                                        |
| Scheduling Proposal          | Discussion on moving the MCC space one hour earlier (5:30 PM for Abhik) to avoid clashing with the Budget Committee.                                              | Action: Abhik to check his calendar and update the X space timings if feasible.                                                           |
| Committee Participation      | Maureen encouraged all members to use ClickUp to select tasks from the backlog. She reminded members of the 20-hour monthly commitment requirement.               | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                               |
| Hubs Workstream Status       | Laurentine expressed frustration over lack of feedback/access to the hubs workstream. Sanjaya clarified that the work is ongoing and visible in the shared drive. | Action: Sanjaya to add Laurentine to the internal WhatsApp group for hub coordination.                                                    |
| KPI Documentation            | Maureen stressed that the Hub KPI document must be finalized immediately as it is a critical attachment for the budget review process.                            | Sanjaya committed to expediting the document following a brainstorming session on Thursday.                                               |
| Internal Collaboration       | Terence and Larisa addressed perceived tensions within the committee regarding deadlines and silos. They reminded the group that everyone is on the same team.    | Larisa emphasized that crucial decisions must remain with elected members, even if non-elected members assist.                            |
| Meeting Inclusivity Vote     | A debate occurred regarding whether non-elected members should participate in the upcoming Thursday budget meeting.                                               | Three elected members voted "Yes" in the live meeting; no "No" votes were cast, though a move to Discord for a formal poll was suggested. |
