# Meeting Minutes November 19, 2024

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nori Nishigaya           | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh          | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Secretary   | N                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps            | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric           | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart                 | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen                | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera     | Member/Seat | Y                 |

**Other Attendees:**

* Abbie Yeates
* Abhik Nag
* ElCryptonaut
* Gemma Dakin
* Gintama
* Jaiyeola Demilade
* Karen Wickham
* Mubarak Oladimeji(KitWillow)
* Kuldip Chana
* Seomon Register
* Tayla Dix
* Tevo Saks

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/19 14:56 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1COgXXj_VkrNonFTJHx8Efemz8upA0Am9/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/19 14:56 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OGFHKNL6cNtRQOHjuTbQ4T0sTok2GZlgSjRynY3vmIg/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/11/19 Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i6wcgIkZSKjxaFpDIb8G3OrcQdhHoXC2/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Nori:** Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

**Darlington:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

**Katarina:** TBD

**Sheldon:** TBD

**Benjamin:** TBD

**Yuta:** ICC, Japan Hub Manager

**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

**Sanjaya:** TBD

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession

**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 11.19.24

* See Agenda Here: [Nov 19th MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mTnGVld9KwBYjXkMv1CZkYQhC7pQat7ZL2h8Mkx-2Ds/edit?usp=sharing)

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A Action: Gemma to present Budget Management at next meeting.
* Decision: N/A Action: MWG Meeting Link to be shared on X - El Cryptonaut
* Decision: N/A Action: Continue Member Duty conversation Async - Matthew
* Decision: N/A Action: Committee Members to participate in Async discussions
* Decision: N/A Action: Nori to finish preparing Budget Miro for presentation.

| Discussion Point         | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                        |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Check-in Round           | Committee members shared their updates and current states, including work on the constitution, budget, and other projects.                                                                                              | N/A                                                                                                |
| Agenda Review            | Membership & Community Committee (Intersect) led the agenda review. Topics included grants, marketing, community hubs, governance, and budget proposals.                                                                | <p>Continue with agenda topics as planned.</p><p><br></p>                                          |
| Grant Updates            | Updates shared about ongoing grants and planning for next year. Upcoming focus on budget management processes and summarizing 2023 grant outcomes.                                                                      | <p>Gemma to present budget management deck at the next meeting.</p><p><br></p>                     |
| Marketing Updates        | Reviewed the success of recent events and upcoming initiatives, including Rare Evo proposal discussions and Kadano Foundation's planned events.                                                                         | <p>El Cryptonaut to share meeting recording link on MCC Twitter page.</p><p><br></p>               |
| Member Expectations      | Discussed hours of duty (8 hours/month standard), assignment of duties by the chair, and thresholds for automatic dismissal due to inactivity. Suggestions included escalation procedures for non-contributing members. | <p>Matthew to incorporate feedback into the async thread for further discussion.</p><p><br></p>    |
| Budget Presentation      | Reviewed budget breakdown into high-level categories (e.g., governance, vision). Discussed aligning categories and prioritizing areas like vision and governance.                                                       | Update budget categories for Thursday’s presentation. Feedback welcomed until then.                |
| Stipend Proposal         | Discussed MCC member stipends, including fixed dollar amounts vs. ADA for payment. Suggestions included tying compensation to hours contributed or maintaining flexibility with stable conversion processes.            | Use $35/hour as a baseline for budgeting; finalize discussions async before submitting a proposal. |
| Community Hubs & Support | Clarified separate roles of Community Hubs and Community Support working groups.                                                                                                                                        | Update budget categories to reflect distinct working groups.                                       |
| Town Hall Budgeting      | Questions raised about selecting implementers for Town Hall budgets and whether processes are finalized.                                                                                                                | Follow up with grants working group for guidance on Town Hall selection processes.                 |
| Asynchronous Engagement  | Encouraged committee members to participate in async threads as part of their contributions.                                                                                                                            | Members to engage in async threads to meet participation expectations.                             |
| Editing Budget Sheet     | Discussed editing and consensus-building for budget adjustments. Members encouraged to contribute directly.                                                                                                             | Yuta to take lead on editing the budget sheet; others to review and contribute as needed.          |
| Governance Processes     | Discussed need for clear procedures for dismissals and replacements to ensure continuity and quorum in the committee.                                                                                                   | Karen to share governance insights in future meetings; incorporate escalation procedures in plans. |
| Community Vision         | Highlighted need to enhance budget categories under "Vision" to reflect forward-looking initiatives.                                                                                                                    | Members to brainstorm additional projects to allocate under the Vision category.                   |
| General Updates          | Members emphasized engaging in async discussions and keeping contributions documented to maintain active participation.                                                                                                 | Members to engage in async threads and ensure contributions are documented for transparency.       |
| Wrap-Up                  | Reviewed key takeaways, next steps, and thanked participants for their engagement.                                                                                                                                      | Prepare for Thursday’s presentation; follow up on pending items in async threads.                  |
