# Meeting Minutes November 5, 2024

## Attendees:&#x20;

* Nori Nishigaya [nori@bridgebuilders.io](mailto:nori@bridgebuilders.io)
* Yuta [yutacreate@gmail.com](mailto:yutacreate@gmail.com)
* Matthew Capps [matthew.capps@iohk.io](mailto:matthew.capps@iohk.io)
* Terence “Tex” McCutcheon [Terence McCutcheon](mailto:terence.mccutcheon@intersectmbo.org)
* Akheel Fouze [akheel.fouze@gmail.com](mailto:akheel.fouze@gmail.com)
* Benjamin Hart
* Sanjaya Wanigasekera&#x20;
* Sheldon Hunt [sheldon.hunt@emurgo.io](mailto:sheldon.hunt@emurgo.io)
* Thiago Nunes [thiago@cardanowarriors.io](mailto:thiago@cardanowarriors.io)
* Karen Wickham [Karen Wickham](mailto:karen.wickham@intersectmbo.org)
* Gemma Dakin [Gemma Dakin](mailto:gemma.dakin@intersectmbo.org)
* Martin Marinov&#x20;
* Seomon Register [seomon.register@gmail.com](mailto:seomon.register@gmail.com)
* Christian Gianelloni&#x20;
* Christopher Cata&#x20;
* Gintama&#x20;
* Gnobudy John
* Kriss Baird

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/11/05 Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Z23IZ8sHenLRKwG9Bf5pB8ngaaYc6-vi/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/11/05 Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KQPkl5WC6WYpozEaKHG6sHnBpVBqErk7WkbadsKM7g0/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/11/05 Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/183a6IPgknHC\_6uvAK-ahbbklJBFNeS-L/view?usp=sharing)

## Agenda 11.05.24

* See Agenda Here: [Nov 5th MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pKTCjLhKCky3QH07RtitszkCf0Ugu5kMaD8FjJsucnw/edit?usp=sharing)



| Discussion Point                  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                          | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                          |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Welcome and Introductions         | New members introduced themselves and shared recent updates on travels and projects.                                                                                                           | None                                                                                                                                 |
| Meeting Quorum Confirmation       | Quorum was confirmed, allowing the meeting to proceed.                                                                                                                                         | None                                                                                                                                 |
| Agenda Review                     | Review of previous meeting highlights, committee updates, and deferred agenda items.                                                                                                           | Review deferred items in async or next meeting.                                                                                      |
| Committee Role Assignments        | Discussion on assigning roles for new committee members.                                                                                                                                       | New members to join discussions and async threads; consider working group participation.                                             |
| Meeting Cadence                   | Proposed moving to bi-weekly meetings, with potential time adjustments for broader participation. Feedback varied; some preferred weekly meetings to accommodate the workload.                 | Conduct poll on Discord for final time slot, possibly Tuesdays at 3 p.m. or 2 p.m. UTC, with a review after workload settles.        |
| Chair and Co-chair Election       | Consensus reached on Nori as Chair and Darlington as Co-chair, with formal election in April.                                                                                                  | Add Darlington to leadership meetings and communicate roles.                                                                         |
| MCC Budget Discussion             | Overview of proposed budget; identified potential overlaps with OSC, TSC, and other committees. Suggested sharing budget with ISC to review for overlap and efficiency.                        | Post MCC budget in ISC channel for feedback. Identify and align areas of overlap with other committees.                              |
| Budget Engagement Plan            | Need for coordinated community engagement to review and gather feedback on the budget, avoiding overlap across committees. Intersect core services working on a budget management deck.        | MCC to encourage community attendance at budget review sessions; finalize and share budget management deck.                          |
| Member Participation Requirements | Reviewed participation policies. Current proposal considers member inactivity over 4 weeks; proposed policy updates to ensure accountability in elected roles.                                 | Matthew to draft a new proposal for participation policy; socialization and finalization of policy in upcoming meetings.             |
| Community Member Engagement       | Question raised on encouraging community members to participate in working groups. MCC to send follow-up emails to prior applicants.                                                           | MCC to send invitation email to applicants; explore additional engagement strategies and onboarding resources for broader community. |
| 2025 Planning and Priorities      | Intersect core services requested input from committees for 2025 trajectory and prioritization, assuming budget approval. Emphasis on early focus areas, especially related to Chang upgrades. | MCC to outline early 2025 priorities and start planning trajectory for key initiatives.                                              |
| Coordination on Budget Events     | Clarification needed on who schedules community budget meetings. Concerns about overlapping committee schedules and effective communication.                                                   | Tex to confirm community budget session logistics and clarify sequencing across committees.                                          |
| Documentation and Onboarding      | Discussion on documentation, onboarding resources, and member expectations. Reviewed existing materials and explored additions to support committee maturity.                                  | Finalize onboarding materials and add attendance policy.                                                                             |
| Committee Role Expectations       | Clarified expectations for new members to review MCC budget and engage actively in discussions. Emphasis on understanding budget items in anticipation of community questions.                 | New members to review MCC budget; comment in internal chat if questions arise.                                                       |
| AOB (Any Other Business)          | Meeting closed with no additional topics raised; reminder for new members to familiarize themselves with MCC and budgetary items.                                                              | None                                                                                                                                 |
