# Meeting Minutes October 22, 2024

## Attendees:&#x20;

* Nori Nishigaya [nori@bridgebuilders.io](mailto:nori@bridgebuilders.io)
* Yuta
* Matthew Capps [matthew.capps@iohk.io](mailto:matthew.capps@iohk.io)
* Terence “Tex” McCutcheon [Terence McCutcheon](mailto:terence.mccutcheon@intersectmbo.org)
* Katarina Ciric [katarina.ciric@bloxico.com](mailto:katarina.ciric@bloxico.com)
* Thiago Nunes [thiago@cardanowarriors.io](mailto:thiago@cardanowarriors.io)
* Karen Wickham [Karen Wickham](mailto:karen.wickham@intersectmbo.org)
* Nick Cook [Nick Cook](mailto:nick.cook@intersectmbo.org)
* Gemma Dakin [Gemma Dakin](mailto:gemma.dakin@intersectmbo.org)
* Martin Marinov
* Tevo Saks
* Temulun Khongorzul

Recording: [Membership & Community Committee - NEW Meeting 2 – 2024/10/22 14:59 BST – Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V9pA9pArGOVp3JuaTEHos7Z1FXrMHltI/view?usp=sharing)&#x20;

Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - NEW Meeting 2 – 2024/10/22 14:59 BST – Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n3YyThjDqkkivABS9-7DV6uKeHyVawDVJp7nXh68hs/edit?usp=sharing)

Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - NEW Meeting 2 – 2024/10/22 14:59 BST – Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ouwr7jsNMMCGFh6kTKFLAvDDn1\_qL0cL/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

NAME: Description of Position, Title, COI, etc.&#x20;

Tex: Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

## Agenda 10.22.24

* [Oct 22nd MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17sOJx9Wpk3iFcVZJqDQpqAglYMcQTuGsJTzrtHrEva8/edit?usp=sharing)

| Discussion Point             | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Quorum Confirmation          | Nori Nishigaya confirmed quorum with the presence of Katarina, Thiago, Yuta, Matthew, and himself.                                                                                                                                                            | N/A                                                                                                                             |
| Check-In Round               | Team members shared personal updates, including time constraints, ongoing projects, and upcoming absences. Notable updates included Gemma needing to leave early, Karen focusing on election announcements, and Katarina driving while attending the meeting. | N/A                                                                                                                             |
| Agenda Review                | Nori briefly reviewed the agenda, focusing on budget updates, new committee members onboarding/offboarding, and regular working group updates.                                                                                                                | N/A                                                                                                                             |
| Budget Process Updates       | Discussion on ongoing budget activities and updates from the previous meeting. Emphasis on onboarding new committee members and reflecting on process improvements for the next budget cycle.                                                                 | Continue working on onboarding and refining the process. Reflect on budget processes for future cycles.                         |
| Intersect Town Hall          | Gemma and Karen discussed plans for updates at the upcoming Intersect Town Hall. Updates will include committee achievements, AMM highlights, and election summaries.                                                                                         | Present updates at the Town Hall.                                                                                               |
| Housekeeping                 | Adjusted meeting schedules to accommodate member availability. Confirmed that meetings will be weekly at 9 Central/3 UTC to align with Nori’s schedule. Discussed potential adjustments due to new member onboarding.                                         | Monitor meeting times for possible adjustments based on new members.                                                            |
| Working Group Updates        | Reports from various working groups: Grants, Marketing, AMM, and Group Design Working Group. Key highlights included grant awards, ongoing feedback collection, and updates on AMM retrospectives.                                                            | Follow up on working group activities and review AMM feedback.                                                                  |
| Committee Maturity Steps     | Discussed evolving the committee’s structure, emphasizing the importance of vision, purpose, and a clear charter.                                                                                                                                             | Refine committee maturity steps with input from new members.                                                                    |
| Chair and Co-Chair Elections | Explored options for chair elections, considering staggered terms for chair and co-chair to ensure continuity. Decision-making styles and responsibilities were discussed to provide a clear framework for roles.                                             | Finalize the election process for the upcoming elections. Start an Async Thread to discuss and plan.                            |
| Onboarding/Offboarding       | Addressed onboarding requirements for new members and checklists for offboarding. A proposal was made to have role expectations, asynchronous work guidelines, and documentation for processes.                                                               | Prepare onboarding material for new members. Review access and permissions for offboarding. Async thread created for this task. |
| GitHub Project Usage         | Proposed using GitHub projects for visibility and management of async items. Discussed transitioning from a spreadsheet to GitHub for managing MCC async threads and work items.                                                                              | Transition async management to GitHub project.                                                                                  |
| Async Agenda                 | Separate Threads were opened in Discord for both the Chair/co-chair elections and the onboarding of new committee members.                                                                                                                                    | MCC to deliberate on these items prior to the next meeting.                                                                     |
