# Meeting Minutes January 21, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nori Nishigaya           | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh          | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Secretary   | N                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps            | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric           | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart                 | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen                | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera     | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Abhik Nag
* Daniel RIbar
* Gemma Dakin
* Jack Briggs
* Kit Willow
* Mercy
* Olivier rishi Matabaro
* Thiago Nunes
* TK Princewill

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/01/21 13:58 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mVjNcjxviMulfS7ZNc0JKMBsLyX9O0Iu/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/01/21 13:58 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12madYwNHFnxB8WbaaGSOCldqZeYZ0d6V7e8At5NrTAk/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2025/01/21 Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uKuTLiF5f2VjNOBcd1dis_LME1nlS7pT/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

Nori: Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

Darlington: TBD

Tex: Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

Katarina: TBD

Sheldon: TBD

Benjamin: TBD

Yuta: ICC, Japan Hub Manager

Matthew: Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

Sanjaya: TBD

Akheel: Logistician by profession

Ha: Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 1.21.25

* See Agenda Here: [Jan 21, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18J7vBc-4dhWHmePxwosLJzk9EBGzpFSz0IkFc0Uj8O8/edit?usp=sharing)

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A Action: N/A

| Discussion Point                   | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and Quorum Confirmation    | Nori Nishigaya initiated the meeting, confirming quorum. Members shared personal and professional updates to begin the meeting.                                                                           | <p>Recording started, quorum confirmed, and agenda outlined.</p><p><br></p>                                                                                                                                     |
| Agenda Review                      | Reviewed standard agenda for working groups, intersect updates, and budget conversations. Additional topics like MCC goals for 2025 and async civil attack resistance discussion were included.           | <p>No objections raised for the agenda. Async discussions to address topics beyond the meeting time.</p><p><br></p>                                                                                             |
| Updates on Grants and RFP Process  | Gemma Dakin provided an update on grants, which are transitioning to a Request for Proposal (RFP) process. Discussion on tools, budget categories, and open-ended suggestions from the community.         | Grants Working Group to be retired; RFP process will be designed to fit committee needs. Gemma to share updates via Intersect communications and involve community feedback.                                    |
| Marketing Committee Proposal       | Jack Briggs presented the proposal to elevate the Marketing Working Group to a formal committee. Explained the integration of plans from multiple entities and the need for unified marketing strategies. | ISC approved elevating the working group to a committee. Terms of reference to be refined and shared. ISC, Rare, and Intersect to align for cohesive marketing strategies.                                      |
| Budget Conversation                | Thiago Nunes raised concerns about the management of a $5M line item within the Catalyst program. General agreement to seek clarity on how these funds will be managed and presented.                     | Async thread to be created for discussions with Catalyst team and relevant stakeholders. Nori Nishigaya to coordinate. Budget draft agreed for submission with revisions as necessary after community feedback. |
| Async Consensus Rules              | Discussed the async decision-making mechanism requiring two-thirds participation from MCC members. Consensus leaned toward maintaining the rule while encouraging members to vote more actively.          | Agreement to maintain the two-thirds rule. Member duties and participation tracking to be emphasized. Matthew Capps to manage weekly duty-tracking updates.                                                     |
| Meeting Cadence Adjustment         | Considered extending meeting duration to 90 minutes or starting earlier to accommodate full discussions.                                                                                                  | Agreed to experiment with extending meetings by 15 minutes earlier and later. Final decision deferred to async discussions and member feedback.                                                                 |
| Civil Attack Resistance Discussion | Thiago Nunes proposed tiered membership models to enhance participation and engagement while maintaining security.                                                                                        | Nori Nishigaya and Utah to craft a proposal for ISC consideration.                                                                                                                                              |
| Closing Remarks and Next Steps     | Acknowledgment of limited meeting time. Emphasis on async follow-ups for unresolved topics like the Catalyst $5M, MCC goals for 2025, and governance mechanisms.                                          | Topics requiring follow-up to proceed asynchronously. Agreement to review async threads regularly for updates and actions.                                                                                      |
