# Meeting Minutes March 18, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nick Cook            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Nori Nishigaya       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric       | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart             | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |

**Other Attendees:**

* Alexandre Maaza
* Fayyaadh Adams
* Hannah Williams
* Jay Des
* Kriss Baird
* P. Lucas
* Thiago Nunes

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/03/18 13:39 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-D7sZFgWk4xSLP0a9ijz5NkO1ticOI7j/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/03/18 13:39 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BjuyB8F9wd6s-7rhWZKUNiPYrA7P6I_7KE5turDvzec/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.o8dz1pgisir)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/03/18 13:39 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BjuyB8F9wd6s-7rhWZKUNiPYrA7P6I_7KE5turDvzec/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.o8dz1pgisir)

## Intros

**Nori:** Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

**Darlington:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

**Katarina:** TBD

**Sheldon:** TBD

**Benjamin:** TBD

**Yuta:** ICC, Japan Hub Manager

**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

**Sanjaya:** TBD

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession

**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 3.18.25

* See Agenda Here: [March 18th, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LnxlThCoX0mx5yyt6_NLoy5dzRNTYdwA53Mvpkz0Z0Q/edit?tab=t.0)

## Decisions/Actions

* **Budget Submission Process:** The committee discussed how to submit their budget, deciding it should be done by category rather than individual line item or as a whole. Catalyst will submit their budget separately.

**Action:** Nick Cook and Darlington Wleh agreed to collaborate on drafting the budget submission

* Working Group Authority: There was a discussion around the authority of working groups versus MCC oversight. The consensus was that working groups can make decisions on their tasks and project structure, but MCC approval is needed for decisions involving expenses or actions on behalf of the MCC.

**Action:** Darlington Wleh will post a summary of this decision in the Discord channel for visibility and further discussion.

* **Community Hubs:** Hannah Williams provided an update on the community hubs, stating that funding has been approved for the current six hubs to continue their interim phase. Contracts are being signed, and the hubs will organize events to discuss the new budget ratification process and gather feedback.
* **Community Support Working Group:** Akheel F reported that they are waiting for feedback from Tess regarding the working group's remit and approval.

**Action:** Akheel F will follow up with Tess, but Nick Cook offered to chase him if needed.

* **Town Hall Meetings:** The committee reviewed the results of an async poll regarding town hall meetings and decided that town halls should be delivered by the community hubs, with Intersect providing support and content.

**Action:** Nick Cook will work with Hannah to plan the delivery of town halls by the community hubs.

* **Membership Fees:** The committee also reviewed an async poll and confirmed that membership fees will remain the same.
* **Governance Working Group:** Nick Cook provided an update on the governance working group, which is looking into general intersect governance, voting mechanisms, and committee composition.
* **DRep Advice:** The committee discussed the process for DREPs to seek advice on proposals, and Nick Cook mentioned that a form has been created for committees to analyze proposals and provide feedback.

**Action:** Nick Cook will share the form in the Discord channel.

| **Discussion Point**               | **Notes**                                                                                                                                                                                                 | **Actions: Responsible / Note**                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and Quorum Confirmation    | Nori Nishigaya initiated the meeting, confirming quorum. Members shared personal and professional updates to begin the meeting.                                                                           | <p>Recording started, quorum confirmed, and agenda outlined.</p><p><br></p>                                                                                                                                     |
| Agenda Review                      | Reviewed standard agenda for working groups, intersect updates, and budget conversations. Additional topics like MCC goals for 2025 and async civil attack resistance discussion were included.           | <p>No objections raised for the agenda. Async discussions to address topics beyond the meeting time.</p><p><br></p>                                                                                             |
| Updates on Grants and RFP Process  | Gemma Dakin provided an update on grants, which are transitioning to a Request for Proposal (RFP) process. Discussion on tools, budget categories, and open-ended suggestions from the community.         | Grants Working Group to be retired; RFP process will be designed to fit committee needs. Gemma to share updates via Intersect communications and involve community feedback.                                    |
| Marketing Committee Proposal       | Jack Briggs presented the proposal to elevate the Marketing Working Group to a formal committee. Explained the integration of plans from multiple entities and the need for unified marketing strategies. | ISC approved elevating the working group to a committee. Terms of reference to be refined and shared. ISC, Rare, and Intersect to align for cohesive marketing strategies.                                      |
| Budget Conversation                | Thiago Nunes raised concerns about the management of a $5M line item within the Catalyst program. General agreement to seek clarity on how these funds will be managed and presented.                     | Async thread to be created for discussions with Catalyst team and relevant stakeholders. Nori Nishigaya to coordinate. Budget draft agreed for submission with revisions as necessary after community feedback. |
| Async Consensus Rules              | Discussed the async decision-making mechanism requiring two-thirds participation from MCC members. Consensus leaned toward maintaining the rule while encouraging members to vote more actively.          | Agreement to maintain the two-thirds rule. Member duties and participation tracking to be emphasized. Matthew Capps to manage weekly duty-tracking updates.                                                     |
| Meeting Cadence Adjustment         | Considered extending meeting duration to 90 minutes or starting earlier to accommodate full discussions.                                                                                                  | Agreed to experiment with extending meetings by 15 minutes earlier and later. Final decision deferred to async discussions and member feedback.                                                                 |
| Civil Attack Resistance Discussion | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                               | Nori Nishigaya and Utah to craft a proposal for ISC consideration.                                                                                                                                              |
| Closing Remarks and Next Steps     | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                               | Topics requiring follow-up to proceed asynchronously. Agreement to review async threads regularly for updates and actions.                                                                                      |
