---
hidden: true
---

# Meeting Minutes November 25, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Akheel Fouze           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ian McCullough         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |



Other Attendees:

* <br>

Recording: [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/11/25 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BqgF3PFBb3K2x3wEICbjnG_NSkQ5kpWo/view?usp=drive_link)\
\
Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/11/25 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/187HQ39qY01I89RgEhFht7S-YpjPV0Wz-Z52IDIFUeO0/edit?usp=drive_link)

Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/11/04 - Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hvhUmQYoSe3FiT-NGGZ_hj6biRak-FIp/view?usp=drive_link)

## Intros

Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Boaz: TBD\
Darlington: Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
Fanny: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
Ha: Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
Laurentine: TBD\
Matthew: Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
Maureen: MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
Nathan: TBD\
Sanjaya: MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 11.25.25

* See Agenda Here:&#x20;

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**&#x20;

* Sanjaya was elected Co-Chair by a majority vote (5 votes).
* The meeting adopted Maureen's proposed framework, including the mandatory use of a Project Board, structured weekly standups, and an Idea Intake Pipeline (submission form) to improve productivity and accountability.
* The current MCC Charter is considered the active working charter until the group decides to make further changes

**Actions**&#x20;

* Maureen is to follow up with Terence regarding the ongoing issue of Laurentine not receiving official meeting invitations.
* Abhik is to upload the latest meeting minutes (post-October 28) to the committee notes document.
* All members are required to fill out the two forms shared by Maureen: one to help with task assignment and one to submit ideas for the agenda.
* Darlington is to ensure the Member Benefits proposal (Matthew's work) is entered into the new project board for transition.
* Maureen is to confirm who needs delegated access to the MCC X account so Abhik can speak with Terence about setting up the delegation.
* Maureen is to draft a list of specific questions for Abhik regarding the Hubs, including:
* How the Hub funds were disbursed (criteria and process).
* How the Hub managers were selected.
* The team will focus on developing a new framework for Hub accountability and fund distribution, starting with necessary audits and documentation.<br>

| Discussion Point                         | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Chair Transition                         | Darlington reoriented the room, confirming Maureen is now officially the Chair, and his term is ending. He will continue to attend for support and context.                                                                                                                                         | Maureen is the new Chair. Darlington will provide support for the remainder of his term.                                             |
| Co-Chair Election: Candidate Nominations | Maureen opened the floor for Co-Chair nominations. Jose and Sanjaya nominated themselves. Wilco and Shaggy were clarified as observers and not eligible to run as they are not elected committee members.                                                                                           | Candidates: Jose, Sanjaya.                                                                                                           |
| Co-Chair Election: Voting                | Voting was conducted with a show of hands. Sanjaya received 5 votes, and Jose received 2 votes (excluding their own votes, as candidates agreed not to vote for themselves).                                                                                                                        | Result: Sanjaya is elected Co-Chair (5 votes).                                                                                       |
| Communication Challenges (Invites)       | Laurentine expressed ongoing difficulty receiving meeting invitations, requiring her to ask Boaz for the link weekly, despite changing her email address. Abhik noted links are available on the Discord event calendar.                                                                            | Action: Maureen to follow up with Terence regarding the issue of Laurentine not receiving meeting invites.                           |
| Meeting Minutes Follow-up                | Laurentine suggested introducing minutes to improve follow-up and task reminders. Abhik shared the link to the committee notes, clarifying that recent minutes (post-Oct 28) are being worked on.                                                                                                   | Action: Abhik to upload the latest meeting minutes to the committee notes document.                                                  |
| Maureen's Proposed Operational Framework | Maureen presented a framework to improve productivity, addressing issues like unfollowed tasks, inconsistent attendance, and low visibility. Proposed solutions included a ClickUp Project Board, structured weekly standups (2 minutes per person), and an Idea Intake Pipeline (submission form). | Framework includes mandatory use of project board and idea submission form.                                                          |
| Idea Intake Pipeline                     | The idea pipeline involves submitting new ideas via a form (problem, benefits, effort required). The idea is then discussed and approved by the Chair/Co-Chair before being added to the agenda.                                                                                                    | Maureen shared the Idea Submission Form link.                                                                                        |
| Activity and Accountability              | Maureen proposed publishing contribution records to increase accountability, suggesting that this visibility could influence future election outcomes. She also shared a second form to gather information on what members can contribute.                                                          | Contribution records to be made public to improve accountability.                                                                    |
| Member Benefits Working Group            | Gintama inquired about the status of the Member Benefits working group. Darlington clarified it is not a formal working group but a committee project (Matthew was leading) with a proposal document ready to be entered into the project management tool.                                          | Action: Darlington to ensure the Member Benefits proposal is entered into the project board for transition.                          |
| Charter Status                           | Sanjaya asked about the status of the MCC Charter. Darlington confirmed the current document is the active working charter, as the ISC raised no objections. Updates would need to be presented to the ISC by Maureen.                                                                              | Current Charter is active. Updates require presentation to the ISC.                                                                  |
| MCC X Account Access                     | Maureen questioned who manages the MCC X (Twitter) account and the committee's lack of direct access. Abhik confirmed that Intersect professionals manage it, but delegation is possible. Shaggy confirmed this is standard Intersect procedure.                                                    | Action: Maureen to confirm who needs delegated access to the MCC X account. Abhik to speak with Terence about setting up delegation. |
| Hub Audit and Framework                  | Maureen raised concerns about the Hubs (lack of funds, framework, transparency, and accountability for managers/KPIs). She suggested a hub audit and developing a new framework for fund distribution and accountability.                                                                           | Goal: Develop a new framework for Hub accountability and fund distribution.                                                          |
| Hub KPIs and Funding Information         | Shaggy pointed out that existing archived documents lack specific KPIs or allocated hub funds. Cullah defended the previous hub work, noting the link provided by Sanjaya does contain KPIs/funding info, but acknowledged a failure in communicating the value.                                    | Maureen requested clarification on Hub funding criteria and manager selection process.                                               |
| Final Action Item Review                 | Maureen stressed the importance of filling out the two forms (Task Assignment Help and Agenda Idea Submission) and emphasized the need to use Discord for async work, reserving meetings for updates.                                                                                               | Action: All members must fill out the two forms shared by Maureen.                                                                   |
