# Meeting Minutes June 24, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Boaz Balume          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Alex Seregin



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/06/24 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Nz9v9HDC6uQGTTvLElVCVwCgJONz7M42/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/06/24 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1osgkmWS-ZvRzvzEEheNeuMb_PfWyj-KF1b7TvdBQ2iI/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/06/24 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s-Hb92UdPRVxaWumWuXA2XYrq2r6nlVi/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** TBD\
**Fanny:** TBD\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** TBD\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 6.24.25

* No formal agenda this week.&#x20;

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions:**

* No official decisions could be made due to the lack of quorum.

**Action Items:**

* **Maureen, Darlington** to DM absent members to encourage attendance.
* Prioritize finding a time when quorum can be met.
* Revisit optimal meeting cadence and time in an async discussion.
* **Tex**  to investigate the issue of disappearing founding member badges.
* All members to review the **MCC charter** and provide feedback/thoughts.

| Topic                              | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Start & Attendance         | Darlington Wleh initiated the meeting. Initial attendance was low, with concerns raised about reaching quorum.                                                                                                                                                             | Maureen Wepngong and Darlington Wleh to DM absent members to encourage attendance.                                                                                                    |
| Matthew's Conflicts                | Terence McCutcheon mentioned Matthew has scheduling conflicts.                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Further action regarding Matthew's conflicts was not decided.                                                                                                                         |
| Sanjay's Absence                   | Akheel F. mentioned difficulty reaching Sanjay. Maureen Wepngong confirmed Sanjay was at work.                                                                                                                                                                             | Maureen Wepngong to text Sanjay to confirm availability.                                                                                                                              |
| Quorum Issues                      | The meeting lacked quorum with only five out of a required six voting members present. This prevented any official decisions from being made.                                                                                                                              | Prioritize finding a time when quorum can be met.                                                                                                                                     |
| Developer Advocate Alex            | Alex Seregin was identified as Developer Advocate Alex and not a voting member, clarifying voting member count.                                                                                                                                                            | (No specific action item, but clarification was helpful for attendance tracking).                                                                                                     |
| Time Zone Challenges               | Terence McCutcheon highlighted the difficulty in finding a meeting time that accommodates all members across different time zones, referencing Nathan's 2 AM to 10 AM UTC availability.                                                                                    | Members to provide 4-5 hour availability blocks in "Let Us Meet" survey.                                                                                                              |
| Meeting Cadence & Format           | Darlington Wleh suggested revisiting the meeting time if the current one isn't working. Sanjaya Wanigasekera proposed having two separate calls or alternating times. Terence McCutcheon expressed concern that two calls would prevent all members from meeting together. | Revisit optimal meeting cadence and time in an async discussion.                                                                                                                      |
| Importance of In-Person Discussion | Darlington Wleh emphasized that in-person (synchronous) discussions are important and async methods are not always sufficient for certain topics.                                                                                                                          | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| "Let Us Meet" Survey               | An updated "Let Us Meet" survey was shared to gather new availability. Some members experienced issues with the link.                                                                                                                                                      | Akheel F. to re-post the correct "Let Us Meet" link in the MCC Discord channel. All present members (Maureen, Sanjaya, Laurentine, Fanny, Akheel) to fill out the survey immediately. |
| Founding Member Badges             | Sanjaya Wanigasekera raised a concern about founding individual members losing their badges due to missed renewals shortly after the deadline. He suggested a 3-6 month grace period for renewals.                                                                         | Terence McCutcheon to investigate the issue of disappearing founding member badges.                                                                                                   |
| MCC Charter                        | Sanjaya Wanigasekera shared the MCC charter in the MCC drive.                                                                                                                                                                                                              | All members to review the MCC charter and provide feedback/thoughts.                                                                                                                  |
| NFT Minting                        | Maureen Wepngong inquired about NFT minting issues, which Darlington Wleh clarified is being worked on and Lorenzo will provide updates when ready.                                                                                                                        | (No specific action item, but acknowledged as an ongoing task).                                                                                                                       |
| Future Meeting Agenda              | Terence McCutcheon mentioned that GMC is working on a survey that will require review by the committee.                                                                                                                                                                    | Be aware of an upcoming survey from GMC for review. Committee members to consider what they want to achieve with Intersect membership and how to involve the community.               |
| Adjournment                        | The meeting was adjourned due to lack of quorum and inability to make decisions.                                                                                                                                                                                           | Darlington Wleh to ask in Discord if meeting next week is feasible. Committee members to encourage absent members to fill out the "Let Us Meet" survey.                               |
| Next Steps                         | Discussion to be held in Discord about the disappearing badges.                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Terence McCutcheon to look into the disappearing badge issue and post updates in Discord. Sanjaya Wanigasekera to mention this issue internally as well.                              |
