# Meeting Minutes February 04, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nick Cook            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Nori Nishigaya       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric       | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart             | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Celiwe
* Daniel Ribar
* Fayyaadh Adams
* Gemma Dakin
* Gintama
* Kriss Baird
* Lara Bonasorte
* Lawrence Clark
* Nana Safo\_Wada DRep
* Newman Lanier
* Pedro Lucas
* Tevo Saks
* Thiago Nunes
* TK Princewill

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/02/04 13:41 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U64c8daXOySsm-zBL3FxVBjCyFL133SV/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/02/04 13:41 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tx7jK2WxKzBj-BDYLD4UoVL3ZMooZtCUWEx7JKqrY0M/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting â€“ 2025/02/04 Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/16vAI1e2qZM2ReDMaCwMYdSfDXQKiqEYB/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

Nori: Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

Darlington: TBD

Tex: Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

Katarina: TBD

Sheldon: TBD

Benjamin: TBD

Yuta: ICC, Japan Hub Manager

Matthew: Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

Sanjaya: TBD

Akheel: Logistician by profession

Ha: Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 2.4.25

* See Agenda Here: [Feb 4, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a4PhCwsPC7lxPcgYB4pgWOf2Xgub86OGcINKCB5XFQY/edit?usp=sharing)

## Decisions/Actions

* **Decision:** N/A         **Action:** N/A
* Direction on Budget Details: The MCC agreed to provide significantly more detail for their budget proposal, particularly regarding Community Hubs and Innovation/Education Grants. This points towards a future decision to approve a revised budget with the added detail.
* Catalyst Collaboration: The discussion strongly indicates a future decision to formally establish a Catalyst working group under the MCC.
* Focus on Enterprise Membership: The conversation around the Innovation/Education grants highlights a clear direction and likely future decision to prioritize attracting enterprise members to Intersect.
* RFP Process: The continued emphasis on using an RFP process for selecting vendors reinforces the likely continuation of this approach.

| Topic                       | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and Introductions   | Darlington opened the meeting. Participants introduced themselves, noting time zones and excitement for budget discussions. General well-being was shared, with some members mentioning recent injuries or holidays.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | None                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Working Group Updates       | \* Marketing: No longer under MCC, renamed "Growth and Marketing," focusing on external Cardano marketing. Terms of reference document forthcoming. \* Community Hubs: Discussion about renaming to "Cardano Community Hubs" and restructuring to accommodate different types of hubs. Thiago to present a proposal for the new structure at the next working group meeting. \* Grants: On pause until clarity on direction for the year. \* Group Design: Still on hiatus. \* Community Support: Charter awaited. | Thiago to prepare new hub structure proposal. Community Support WG to finalize charter.                                                                                                                                            |
| Budget Update (Lawrence)    | Lawrence provided an overview of the budget document, which includes information on Intersect, CDH, and the budget itself. Discussed the net change limit and its relation to the constitution. Explained the new governance action feature in gov tool. Emphasized the need for more detailed information in the MCC budget proposal, particularly for Community Hubs and Community Innovation and Education, including specific plans and value propositions.                                                    | Nori to update budget narrative document and spreadsheet with detailed information, ROI, and descriptions for each line item, incorporating feedback from Lawrence and other members. Lawrence to share product budget as example. |
| Project Catalyst Update     | Discussed the Catalyst team's Loom video, outlining three funds of 20 million ADA each and a 5 million ADA retroactive fund. Potential collaboration points between MCC and Catalyst were identified, including defining funding categories. Nori raised questions about the ADA conversion rate used, the operational cost breakdown, and the tooling request.                                                                                                                                                    | Daniel to provide more details on operational costs, ADA conversion rate alignment, and tooling request. Nori to prepare a proposal for standing up an MCC Catalyst working group.                                                 |
| MCC Budget Discussion       | Nori shared updates to the narrative document, aligning it with the four main budget categories: Community Hubs, Innovation/Education Grants, Membership, and Catalyst. Discussed the need for ROI information and milestones. Reviewed the spreadsheet, noting changes to line items and the ongoing discussion about the size and focus of the Innovation/Education Grants. Clarification sought on the purpose and target audience of these grants (onboarding enterprises).                                    | Nori to finalize narrative document incorporating feedback and circulate for final review. Async polls to be utilized for quick decisions.                                                                                         |
| Open Office Hours (Matthew) | This item was not addressed as Matthew left the meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | To be handled asynchronously.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Catalyst Working Group      | Discussed forming a formal Catalyst working group under MCC.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Nori to create async thread for Catalyst WG discussion and proposal.                                                                                                                                                               |
| Hub Proposal                | Thiago shared the hub structure draft in the comments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | All members to review Thiago's hub proposal.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Asynchronous Work           | Confirmed that asynchronous work and decisions are encouraged.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | All members to actively participate in async discussions and polls.                                                                                                                                                                |
