# Meeting Minutes May 27, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| TBD                  | No         | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Alexandre Maaza

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025-05-27 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QO-VpyuEs9dPsYcCWbd5O5AE_zty-fVS/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025-05-27 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kf28dHZh3gyfgteWdEFYAHebiwGdLxtWQzPxFzL3Cns/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/05/27 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14tqA_c_OYB1515IMP2LepJ7qgUQoT_uI/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** TBD\
**Fanny:** TBD\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** TBD\
**Nathan:** TBDi\
**Sanjaya:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 5.27.25

* Onboarding
* Working Group Updates
* Schedule a-sync session for Memberâ€™s Area updates
* A-sync issue process review

## Decisions/Actions

* **Change in Meeting Schedule:** The meeting time was diverted back to just a 1-hour session. This was an async decision made by the members of the committee in their private Discord channel.
* **Use of "Let Us Meet" Poll for Scheduling:** Terence McCutcheon created and distributed a "Let us meet" poll to determine future meeting availabilities for the committee, including off-cycle meetings and a review with the product website development team.
* **Call for Vice-Chair Candidacy:** It was decided that members interested in becoming the new MCC Chair in October, should put forward their candidacy for Vice Chair in the MCC internal chat.

| Topic                                              | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Logistics & Attendance                     | Initial confusion regarding meeting link and time changes. Discussion about quorum and missing members (Darlington, Boaz, Nathan). The meeting time changed from two hours to one hour, which was an async decision.                                                                                                                                  | Terence McCutcheon to try contacting Nathan via X (formerly Twitter) and email, and encourage other committee members to reach out if they have direct contact.                                                                         |
| ClickUp Onboarding                                 | Akheel F. inquired about the ClickUp app, stating there was no activity and asking if it was configured correctly. Terence explained where agenda items and lists should be visible within the app.                                                                                                                                                   | Akheel F. to recheck ClickUp for visibility of agenda items and lists.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Committee Structure & Expectations                 | Overview of the Discord structure, channels, and threads (working groups and lists). Expectations for committee members: one-year term, \~20 hours/month contribution (4-5 hours/week), attendance at MCC meetings, async chat participation. Working groups are short-term (3-9 months), aligned with the committee, and open to members/associates. | Committee members to familiarize themselves with the Discord structure and contribution expectations.                                                                                                                                   |
| Working Group & Special Interest Group (SIG) Setup | Discussion on how to propose and set up working groups (proposal to voting members of the committee). Explanation of SIGs (general ideas that may become working groups) and the application process.                                                                                                                                                 | Committee members to consider proposing working groups for relevant issues. Terence McCutcheon to share the link to form a special interest group.                                                                                      |
| Office Hours & Town Hall                           | Mention of office hours typically around election periods and efforts to start a town hall.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Keep an eye out for updates on town hall initiatives.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Chair and Vice-Chair Election                      | Upcoming election for a new MCC Chair. The Chair works closely with Terence and Darlington, with an expected takeover between October and next April for continuity. Chair attends Intersect Steering Committee meetings and oversees the budget process. Vice-Chair assists with agenda creation.                                                    | Members interested in the Chair role to put forward their candidacy in the MCC internal chat with their experience and reasons for suitability. Terence McCutcheon to collate candidates for decision-making (meeting or Discord poll). |
| Membership Budget                                  | MCC currently has no explicit budget items for the year due to post-election processes. Emphasis on grassroots efforts, lobbying for improvements, and community engagement.                                                                                                                                                                          | MCC to focus on grassroots efforts to improve membership and community interactions.                                                                                                                                                    |
| Membership Fee Discussion (from Twitter/Discord)   | Maureen raised a tweet from Utah suggesting increasing the membership fee to 500 ADA as a "freeze fund" similar to DREPs, to give more value and address simple attack issues. Diverse opinions were shared regarding affordability, Intersect becoming an SPO, and operational complexities.                                                         | Continue discussion on the proposed membership fee change in future MCC meetings or Discord. Consider getting Matthew's and Darlington's opinions.                                                                                      |
| Improving Membership Experience & Growth           | Alex questioned whether the committee has defined goals for retaining and attracting members, and corresponding strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | The MCC to discuss and define goals, key results, and initiatives for improving membership experience and growth for the rest of the year and into 2026. This could be an agenda item for the next meeting.                             |
| Wallet Registration Issue                          | Maureen highlighted that she still cannot register on Intersect using her Yoroi wallet or card.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Maureen is working with Bruno to fix the wallet/card registration issue.                                                                                                                                                                |
| Meeting Scheduling Tool                            | Terence created a "Let us meet" poll for committee members to input their availability for future MCC and off-cycle meetings, including a potential review with the product website development team.                                                                                                                                                 | Committee members to fill out the "Let us meet" poll with their availability.                                                                                                                                                           |
| MCC Shared Drive & Async Item Log                  | Showcased the MCC shared drive, specifically the async item log (Google Sheets) where members can add topics, assign leads, and set due dates. This aims to facilitate work on multiple items simultaneously outside of meetings.                                                                                                                     | Committee members to utilize the async item log for asynchronous work.                                                                                                                                                                  |
