# Meeting Minutes October 28, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Abhik Nag            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Other Attendees:

* Ayomi Shuga
* Gintama
* Ian McCullough
* Juan Sierra
* Lorenzo Bruno
* Minh Bui
* Terence McCutcheon



**Recording:**  [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/28 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vw_GphbN-H4jSnlPWbbfZO5-_WDRPtrm/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/28 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YpLeSP_WmhwKTe2fGERI8HHDSosnhdKzxGa-3bqQj_k/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/28 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gXgXQK7JiFhrWJd-r-lgcj6pCQZUr0G3/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 10.28.25

* No formal agenda was set

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* Abhik was officially introduced and accepted as the new MCC Secretary.
* The official Intersect project management tool, ClickUp, should be utilized by the MCC for task tracking, as it is provided to all committees.
* Future communication efforts should focus on improving the existing single weekly email or utilizing the Members Area and X (Twitter) posts.

**Actions**

* Sanjaya will start drafting a letter to the Board requesting approval for internal funding to sustain the existing hubs for a period.
* The discussion on the fixed amount for hub funding is paused until more information is gathered on active hubs.
* The Hubs Working Group (involving Sanjaya, Akheel, MCC, Intersect, and hub managers) will be officially reactivated to start drafting proposals (Catalyst fund, upcoming budget) and work on KPIs for the hubs.
* All committee members are requested to accept the ClickUp invitation and check out the project management tool before the next meeting.
* The committee agreed to put a pin on discussing Roles and Responsibilities and the Budget for 2026 until the next meeting.
* The committee will review the Members Area next week to determine how to best use it for communication and onboarding.

| Topic                             | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Notes                                                                                                                                                                               |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| New Secretary Introduction        | Terence introduced Abhik as the new MCC Secretary, joining soon. Abhik briefly greeted the group and expressed excitement about working with the committee, focusing on improving membership and ensuring voices are heard.                                                                                   | Terence will stick around for a few weeks to ensure a seamless transition.                                                                                                          |
| Committees and Roles              | Terence clarified he is not running for a committee seat but will retain the Committee Liaison title. He is passing off committees to Abhik and will soon do the same with Growth and Marketing.                                                                                                              | Terence will focus on OC and TSC. Abhik is taking over the MCC Secretary role.                                                                                                      |
| General Check-ins                 | A round of check-ins was conducted on how members were feeling. Fanny mentioned feeling unwell recently but getting better. Matthew was slightly under the weather. Akheel was in North Carolina for a show.                                                                                                  | Boaz was doing okay. Laurentine was back.                                                                                                                                           |
| Workshop Feedback                 | Maureen shared that they had a great workshop for the Cardano vision in Cameroon and encouraged others to run workshops.                                                                                                                                                                                      | Darlington congratulated Laurentine on her new PhD.                                                                                                                                 |
| Hackathon Preparation             | Laurentine provided an update on the Cardano Africa Summit hackathon preparations. Her hub was qualified as one of the first.                                                                                                                                                                                 | The hub has started its preparation work.                                                                                                                                           |
| Committee Elections/Involvement   | Ian mentioned observing the meeting as committee elections were underway, having put his name in for the MCC seat. Darlington noted roles may soon switch, with him observing.                                                                                                                                | Darlington is not running for any committee seats.                                                                                                                                  |
| Roles & Responsibilities Document | Maureen raised that members were confused about their roles and responsibilities. She has drafted a document and will share it for review to bring clarity to individual roles within the committee.                                                                                                          | This was added as an agenda item for future discussion.                                                                                                                             |
| Project Management Tool           | Maureen noted the lack of a proper project management tool, with work being done haphazardly via Discord and a temporary Google Sheet she created. She assigned tasks to Matthew and others.                                                                                                                  | Terence suggested using the Intersect-provided tool, ClickUp, and encouraged all members to log in and utilize it for task tracking.                                                |
| Hubs Funding Request              | Sanjaya reported on a call with Nick: MCC should draft a letter requesting the Board's approval for internal funding to sustain the six existing hubs until a new proposal is ready for Catalyst/2026 budget.                                                                                                 | Sanjaya will draft the letter. Discussion opened on the amount and criteria for funding.                                                                                            |
| Hubs KPIs and Effectiveness       | Matthew asked for the KPIs justifying hub funding. Abhik emphasized hubs' crucial role in membership growth (e.g., Sri Lanka, Japan numbers) and amplifying Cardano globally (e.g., marketing visibility). Maureen stressed that funding should require actual deliverables.                                  | Debate on funding all six or only the effective hubs; suggested a conditional framework and dollar range for the Board.                                                             |
| Hubs Working Group Status         | Sanjaya confirmed the Hubs Working Group will spin back up to draft proposals for Catalyst and the upcoming budget, and to work on KPIs.                                                                                                                                                                      | The working group includes MCC, Intersect, and hub managers.                                                                                                                        |
| Participation Update & Digest     | Maureen shared feedback that people aren't participating and suggested a weekly participation digest (a one-pager/CTA) instead of the bulky weekly email. She also noted the newsletter lacks direct links to governance actions.                                                                             | Terence and Abhik noted that a second email is highly unlikely due to domain blacklisting concerns; suggested improving the existing one or using X (Twitter) and the Members Area. |
| Communication Strategy            | Discussion on improving communication. Terence suggested catering new efforts to existing platforms (Discord, X). Juan suggested a campaign to promote the consolidated information in the Friday email. Lorenzo mentioned the 'Updates' section in the Member Area where committees can post weekly updates. | It was suggested to focus on educating members on how to find existing updates on the website and using X (Twitter).                                                                |
| Decision on Project Tool          | Final discussion on a project management tool. Abhik recommended ClickUp. Maureen was open but preferred a transferable system. Terence reiterated ClickUp is the official Intersect tool provided to all committees.                                                                                         | All committee members are requested to accept the ClickUp invitation and check out the tool before the next meeting.                                                                |
| Next Meeting's Agenda             | The topics of Roles and Responsibilities and the Budget for 2026 were pushed to the next week's meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                                      | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                         |

<br>
