# Meeting Minutes February 18, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nick Cook            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Nori Nishigaya       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric       | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart             | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |

**Other Attendees:**

* Alexandre Maaza, Cullah, Fayyaadh Adams, Gnobudy John, Hannah Williams, Kriss Baird, Pedro Lucas, Thiago Nunes, TK Princewill.



**Recording:** [MCC Meet Recordings](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1HYrSOEZfqCeAlr7e-zwlVeVq7oFKuT3O)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/02/18 13:41 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VLKX519iC71kIMuMBWRTOcp19GvFn5zRB1X-wqroiSk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.966752uci605)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting â€“ 2025/01/21 Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uKuTLiF5f2VjNOBcd1dis_LME1nlS7pT/view?usp=sharing)

## Agenda 2.18.25

* See Agenda Here: [Feb 18th, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kjpbps9tCG1AqraOjRhJyKULvIZe7AoXT4uMBFbf2G8/edit?tab=t.0)

## Decisions/Actions

* **Intensive Budget Feedback Collection:** The MCC will conduct intensive office hours and utilize multiple channels (forums, Discord, Reddit, and potentially X) to gather feedback on the proposed budget from the community and especially dReps. This indicates a strong commitment to community input and transparency in the budget process.
* **Defining Community Hub KPIs:** There's a clear need for stronger, Cardano-centric KPIs for community hubs to ensure they are delivering value to the ecosystem. The Community Hubs Working Group will be responsible for recommending appropriate KPIs. This suggests a shift towards a more results-oriented approach for community hubs.
* **Election Process Q\&A:** The MCC will hold a dedicated Q\&A session next week to discuss the upcoming election process, based on the slide deck that Nick will share. This emphasizes the importance of the elections and ensuring community members understand the process.
* **Catalyst Working Group Kickoff:** A Catalyst working group will be formed to improve collaboration with the Catalyst team. A kickoff meeting will be held to define the scope and charter of this group. This highlights the desire for closer alignment and synergy between the MCC and Catalyst.
* **Exploring dRep Temperature Checks:** The possibility of using Gov Tool to gather non-binding "temperature checks" from dReps on key issues was discussed. This could be a valuable mechanism for understanding dRep sentiment and potentially influencing proposals.

| Discussion Point             | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Topic                        | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Meeting Start & Recording    | Confusion over who started the meeting and recording. Speculation about automatic recording feature.                                                                                                               | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Attendance & Check-in        | Confirmation of quorum. Quick round of check-ins from participants.                                                                                                                                                | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Agenda Confirmation          | Review of the agenda.                                                                                                                                                                                              | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Intersect Updates            | Updates from Nick on - Upcoming elections (timeline approved by ISC). Membership initiatives (slowed due to staffing).                                                                                             | - Nick to share election slide deck. - Q\&A on election process next week.                                                                                                                               |
| Working Group Updates        | Updates from various working groups.                                                                                                                                                                               | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Community Hubs Working Group | Hannah provides an update on the Community Hubs Working Group, including: - Focus on hub structure and application criteria. - Timeline for hub applications and onboarding. \<br> - Governance of community hubs. | - Hannah to bring working group decisions to MCC for ratification. - Need to define KPIs for community hubs. - Clarify the purpose and governance of community hubs. - Explore renaming to Cardano hubs. |
| Catalyst Working Group       | Nori discusses the formation of a Catalyst working group.                                                                                                                                                          | - Determine interested members. - Hold kickoff meeting to define scope and charter.                                                                                                                      |
| MCC Open Office Hours        | Matthew proposes: - Fortnightly open office hours with the community (focus on dReps and hot governance issues).- Short-term, intensive office hours for budget feedback.                                          | - Matthew to organize office hours. - Determine schedule and format for budget-focused office hours.                                                                                                     |
| Budget Discussion            | Discussion on the budget process, feedback channels, and next steps.                                                                                                                                               | - Continue gathering feedback from various channels (forums, Discord, Reddit). - Budget committee to provide feedback to MCC. - Refine budget based on feedback.                                         |
| Community Hubs KPIs          | Concern about the need for strong KPIs for community hubs.                                                                                                                                                         | - Community Hubs Working Group to recommend KPIs.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Gov Tool and DREPs           | Discussion about the possibility of using Gov Tool for temperature checks from dReps.                                                                                                                              | - Darlington to share link to governance tooling working group.                                                                                                                                          |
| Budget Feedback Channels     | Discussion on where to aggregate feedback from various sources.                                                                                                                                                    | - Use existing spreadsheet and Cardano forum thread. - Explore using X (formerly Twitter) for feedback.                                                                                                  |
| Lottery for Voting           | John suggests using a lottery-style reward to encourage voting in Intersect elections.                                                                                                                             | - Chris to investigate legal implications of lottery.                                                                                                                                                    |
| Closing Actions & Review     | Review of action items and next steps.                                                                                                                                                                             | - Various members to share documents and information on Discord. - Nori to set up poll for Catalyst working group participation. - Matthew to organize office hours. - Meeting adjourned.                |
| Cardano Center in Nairobi    | Darlington discusses plans for a Cardano Center in Nairobi.                                                                                                                                                        | - TK to join WhatsApp group for updates.                                                                                                                                                                 |
