# Meeting Minutes October 21, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Other Attendees:

* n/a



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/21 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yGOilTAiDuWfgLhwYxF58Lvxk6Kkwuio/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/21 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14_vwNrCX6vD9Bx3FAgIgpH0oaBDRSZFpxkUQhlmts-4/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/21 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1I9gFF3CJs552rwcNW-D3CVPPIpM9SXrN/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 10.21.25

* No formal Agenda set
* Carryover from previous meetings

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Maximum Committee Membership:** The committee agreed with Terence's clarification that the maximum number of committees a member can serve on is two.
* **Hubs Project Focus:** The group agreed that the immediate next step for the Hubs project is to focus on getting all hub people on one call with Nick and other Intersect staff to determine the way forward, framework, and KPIs.
* **Budget Discussion Inclusion:** The group agreed to add a discussion on the "Community Support Budget" to the agenda for the next meeting.
* **X (Twitter) Posting Protocol:** The committee agreed to adopt a standardized protocol for social media posts: Sanjaya will post the draft tweet in the MCC X Post thread on Discord for approval (thumbs-up) before it is posted by Terence/secretary.
* **Member Benefits Document:** The proposal document drafted by Matthew was accepted as the working document for the member benefits reform project.

**Actions**

* **Sanjaya:** Invite Darlington and other MCC members, hub managers, and Nick to a follow-up call on Hubs (potentially next week's MCC meeting).
* **Matthew:** Send Slack ID to Darlington so he can be added to the Intersect group for ownership assignment.
* **Sanjaya:** Post the tweet template in the MCC X Post thread on Discord.

| Topic                                       | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Informal Check-in and General Thoughts      | The group discussed the low candidate turnout for the Budget Committee (only one candidate) and the general feeling about Cardano governance and the Fund-backed funds.                                                                                                                                                                                              | Sanjaya noted the confusion and concern about the single Budget Committee candidate, hoping for more last-minute candidates.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Individual Updates: Akheel                  | Akheel shared that he was doing okay, checking in from North America, and joined the early 6:00 a.m. call.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Individual Updates: Sanjaya                 | Sanjaya mentioned keeping an eye on new committee candidates and reiterated the concern about the Budget Committee turnout.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Individual Updates: Matthew                 | Matthew is working on the member benefit renewal project and is focused on gaining traction, identifying a starting point, and formulating a concrete plan. He emphasized the need to communicate progress to the community.                                                                                                                                         | Matthew needs help identifying people to work with on specific items to make progress.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Individual Updates: Fanny                   | Fanny had just finished an English class and suggested that the Budget Committee might not be popular because people don't like calculating. She asked if it was possible to serve on two committees.                                                                                                                                                                | Terence confirmed the max is two committees, with a caution to be aware of time commitments (e.g., Growth and Marketing meets one hour before MCC).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Individual Updates: Ha                      | Ha recently recovered from the flu and returned to work. She asked if any preparations were needed for the BIC 2026 (Budget/Investment Committee/Cycle).                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Darlington noted this topic should be added to the agenda.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Individual Updates: Terence                 | Terence reported being busy and mentioned an upcoming change in the secretary role. He's focusing on pushing things out.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Individual Updates: Boaz                    | Boaz checked in from Congo. He reported that his community members were not motivated to renew their membership because they felt they don't gain anything. He noted they finally applied to different committees.                                                                                                                                                   | Boaz's feedback highlighted the need for membership benefit reform.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Hubs Project Update                         | Fanny and Sanjaya provided an update on the Hubs project. Fanny is following up with hub managers, noting Maro is on vacation, and still awaiting a reply from another manager. Sanjaya reached out to Kala, who is willing to join a meeting. Darlington confirmed seeing the Japanese Hub (non-Intersect, Cardano hub) and the Nairobi Hub were funded in Fund 14. | Sanjaya is also emailing Nick (from Intersect) to join the call to discuss the way forward, potentially including KPIs and a framework for the hubs. Action: Sanjaya to invite Darlington and other MCC members to a follow-up call with hub managers and Nick, potentially next week's MCC meeting. Darlington suggested exploring a Hub Directory on Intersect or cardano.org as an incentive. |
| Members Benefit Reform Proposal             | The group reviewed the document Matthew drafted, which outlines the areas, features, and needed plan/owner for member benefits reform. Matthew asked for contacts at Intersect to collaborate with. Sanjaya suggested a new benefit: giving Enterprise Members first crack at Intersect project proposals (since they pay $1,000 for membership).                    | Matthew needs to send his Slack ID to Darlington to be added to an Intersect group (including Nick, Lorenzo, and Abs) to help assign ownership for the features.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Silent Working Session on Benefits Document | The group spent five minutes in a silent working session to review the benefits document, add comments, and suggest plans.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Fanny suggested that projects funded in the ecosystem must become Intersect members, which Darlington noted was controversial but an idea worth exploring (perhaps via a tweet). Maureen suggested immediately assigning community owners and starting with the three easiest items (e.g., Committee Office Hours).                                                                              |
| Budget/BIC 2026 Preparation                 | Ha asked about preparation for the BIC 2026 budget cycle. Darlington explained that the budget process is no longer committee-driven, but MCC could think about proposals for funding. Sanjaya suggested Intersect could put forth a Hubs proposal on behalf of the MCC.                                                                                             | Action: The group will add "Community Support Budget" to next week's agenda to discuss specific budget items and define KPIs/outputs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| MCC X (Twitter) Posting Protocol            | Sanjaya suggested using the latest newsletter to create a summary tweet template for the MCC X (Twitter) page. Terence clarified the protocol for posting tweets.                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Action: Sanjaya to post the tweet template in the MCC X Post thread on Discord for thumbs-up approval before Terence posts it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Async Communication Reminder                | Terence reminded the committee that he is much more in the loop when there is more async communication in Discord and urged members to engage more consistently throughout the week.                                                                                                                                                                                 | Darlington noted the feedback.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
