# Meeting Minutes December 2, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Akheel Fouze           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ian McCullough         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |



Other Attendees:

* <br>

Recording: [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/12/02 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10Xy69Gr2vYHrlFLf0PLm2U1Q1AfrN-Oq/view?usp=drive_link)

Transcript:  [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/12/02 - Notes/Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11kzoLU4yBiIt_4apUhSLiozfTo8A_zXaH2vGgJY5Poc/edit?usp=drive_link)

Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/12/02 - Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17BE8P1WZToAtneDDu62UsirUThS0QbrH/view?usp=drive_link)

## Intros

Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Abhik: TBD\
Boaz: TBD\
Fanny: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
Ian: TBD\
Jose: TBD\
Laurentine: TBD\
Maureen: MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
Olivier: TBD\
Sanjaya: MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon

## Agenda 12.02.25

* No formal Agenda set
* Carryover from previous meetings&#x20;

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* Delegate X (Twitter) access to the MCC account is not provided to committee members; content must be approved/posted by the secretary (Intersect staff).
* The committee voted to hold an additional secondary workshop meeting this week to focus on ClickUp usage and task assignment.
* Sanjaya is officially confirmed as Co-Chair.

**Actions**

* Abhik is to create a spreadsheet for MCC members to submit suggested X posts for review and posting by Intersect staff.
* Maureen should attend the ISC meetings as Chair for alignment and updates.
* Abhik is to run a poll on Discord to find the best day and time for the workshop this week.
* Maureen is to send an email to Terence with the details and requirements for the ClickUp dashboard and forms (for public activity reporting) that need to be created.
* The matter of replacing the inactive committee member (Nathan) remains an open discussion; no specific action was taken, other than noting the complexity of the process.

| Topics                                       | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Discord Accessibility and Communication      | Maureen raised concerns that members may only be able to join the Discord via the member dashboard, limiting general community reach. She sought brainstorming on how MCC can better communicate and reach the community directly.                                                                                          | Members need a clearer, more direct path to access and communicate within the Discord.                                                                                                                     |
| MCC X Account Access                         | Maureen requested direct delegate access to the MCC X (Twitter) account for the Chair (Maureen). Terence stated current policy does not allow delegate access for committee members; all posting must go through Intersect staff (the secretary).                                                                           | Decision: Delegate X access is not granted to committee members. Content must be approved/posted by the secretary.                                                                                         |
| Alternative X Communication Strategy         | Lorenzo and Terence explained that the official X account requires Intersect oversight as it's a formal organizational channel. They proposed that the Chair/Co-Chair work closely with the secretary (Abhik) using an Excel sheet for post suggestions, while committee members boost reach via their personal X accounts. | Action: Abhik to create a spreadsheet for MCC members to submit suggested X posts for review and posting.                                                                                                  |
| Annual Members Meeting (AMM) Update          | Lorenzo provided an update on the recent AMM, noting it was a good pilot despite some bugs. He stated that the Virtual Hub will remain available for MCC events and will be improved for the 2026 AMM.                                                                                                                      | Virtual Hub remains available for MCC use. Reading the Annual Report is important.                                                                                                                         |
| Annual Member Survey Results                 | Lorenzo shared the high-level findings of the annual member survey (70 good-quality responses). He stressed the data is internal and confidential and should not be shared outside the committee.                                                                                                                           | Key Learnings: Need for better, clearer communication (structured for Enterprise, participatory for Individuals), visibility into decision-making, simpler onboarding, and better cross-body coordination. |
| Board Updates and Communication              | Abhik suggested that board members should attend MCC meetings or receive updates (monthly/quarterly). Maureen questioned the purpose of ISC meetings if the Chair also needs to write separate board updates.                                                                                                               | Terence clarified that tools already exist (meeting minutes, ISC updates, Dev Reports) for keeping the board informed. Action: Maureen should attend the ISC meetings as Chair.                            |
| Proposal for Workshop/Extra Meetings         | Maureen proposed setting up an additional one-hour workshop this week to focus on ClickUp usage, Discord, and assigning tasks, as current weekly meetings are insufficient and async work isn't effective.                                                                                                                  | Decision: The committee voted (4 hands up) to hold an additional workshop meeting this week.                                                                                                               |
| Bi-Weekly Meeting Schedule Discussion        | Terence advised that in the new year, MCC should aim for bi-weekly primary meetings with other group-focused meetings in between, citing better historical success and focus from the Open Source Committee.                                                                                                                | Note: Focus on workshops/additional meetings this month, with a goal of bi-weekly primary meetings in the new year.                                                                                        |
| Replacing Inactive Committee Member (Nathan) | Maureen proposed replacing Nathan, who has been largely inactive and expressed disinterest. Sanjaya questioned the official process, suggesting the next highest-voted candidate should be offered the seat first. Terence advised moving on to work rather than spending a month on a replacement process.                 | Decision Pending: No decision was reached; the matter remains an open discussion due to process complexities.                                                                                              |
| Workshop Scheduling                          | The committee voted in favor of a workshop, but time constraints prevented setting a definitive date. Maureen proposed Friday at 1 PM UTC.                                                                                                                                                                                  | Action: Abhik to run a poll on Discord to find the best day/time for the workshop.                                                                                                                         |
| Public Activity Reporting Table              | Maureen proposed creating a public table (likely in ClickUp) to show what each member is working on (e.g., Sanjaya on Hubs for 2 hours/week, supported by Cullah and Fanny) to improve coordination and community visibility.                                                                                               | Action: Maureen to send an email to Terence with details on the dashboard and form requirements for ClickUp setup.                                                                                         |
| Co-Chair Re-announcement                     | Abhik formally announced Sanjaya as the Co-Chair, confirming the result of the previous meeting's vote.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Note: Sanjaya is officially confirmed as Co-Chair.                                                                                                                                                         |
