# Meeting Minutes August 19, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Other Attendees:

* Not Collected



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/08/19 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DM9eJog-u6v1b38Ad4XvBfIHJjxAFWju/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/08/19 - Notes/Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLkNBSwFq0mSXUNukpsfJkKqRWgSlIkmmYDw1kwht_c/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/08/19 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AN25HlprWjA0dfIYTmUxQ0c_Bocyc4Vv/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 8.19.25

* Check-ins
* Charter Review
* Roadmap Discussion
* Intersect Election proposal - Membership
* AOB&#x20;

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* **MCC Roadmap:** The committee decided to focus on a four-month roadmap for the remainder of the year.
* **Action Plan:** The members agreed to form pairs to champion specific initiatives, define the scope and key performance indicators (KPIs) for each project, and present their plans at the next meeting on September 2nd.
* **Charter Process:** It was decided that if the Discord poll on the vision statement passes, the full charter will be submitted directly to the ISC and the board without another poll.
* **MCC General Chat:** It was confirmed that any MCC member is authorized to respond to questions in the general chat.

***

#### Actions

* **All Members:** Vote on the vision statement poll in the Intersect Discord channel.
* **Sanjaya & Akheel:** Champion the Membership Benefits initiative. Their task is to explore and define new benefits, including a potential survey to gather member feedback.
* **Darlington & Maureen:** Champion the Participation initiative. Their task is to find ways to increase member engagement, such as creating a new member onboarding program.
* **Darlington & Boaz:** Champion the Recognition initiative. Their task is to develop a system for recognizing member contributions, potentially including on-chain badges.
* **Fanny & Nathan:** Champion the Community Hub Support initiative. Their task is to define how the MCC can best support local community hubs, such as the one in Indonesia.
* **Terence:** Follow up with Sanjaya regarding issues with members not receiving their login codes or newsletter updates. He will also assist with survey creation using Typeform if needed.
* **Nathan:** Connect with his contacts in the Japanese Cardano community to explore potential MCC collaboration.

| Topic                      | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Notes                                                                                                                                                                           |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome & Opening          | The meeting started with informal greetings and a check-in on the status of various members. Darlington and Terence teased Maureen about being late, and Boaz was congratulated for being on time.                                                                      | Fanny and Maureen joined the call.                                                                                                                                              |
| Proposed Treasury Proposal | Maureen asked about submitting a proposal to the Treasury. Darlington stated the proposal window was closed. Terence clarified that there was a spending limit of $80,000 left for the year.                                                                            | Discussion around the remaining budget and if proposals were still possible. Terence clarified the amount and timeframe.                                                        |
| Member Check-in            | A brief round-robin check-in was conducted to see how everyone was doing. Members shared their status, including exhaustion from work (Darlington), being tired from early mornings (Akheel), and having busy schedules (Nathan).                                       | Everyone briefly shared their current status.                                                                                                                                   |
| Discord Poll               | Darlington mentioned a poll in Discord regarding a vision statement for the charter. He encouraged members to vote to move the process forward.                                                                                                                         | Members were encouraged to vote on the poll in Discord.                                                                                                                         |
| MCC Charter                | The group discussed the charter and if it needed another poll. It was decided that if the initial vision statement poll passed, the charter could be pushed directly to the ISC and the board.                                                                          | The process for approving the charter was clarified.                                                                                                                            |
| MCC General Chat           | Sanjaya raised a concern about who is allowed to respond to questions in the general MCC chat. Darlington confirmed that any MCC member is allowed to respond.                                                                                                          | Sanjaya's concern was addressed, and Darlington acknowledged the need to be more responsive to the chat.                                                                        |
| Election Document          | Gintama asked to present a document on the reformation of elections. Darlington and Terence suggested that this might fall under Civics rather than the MCC. After Gintama's clarification, it was agreed that the committee would review the document.                 | The document was added to the agenda.                                                                                                                                           |
| Roadmap Discussion         | Darlington initiated a discussion about the MCC roadmap for the remainder of the year (next four months). The goal was to define two or three key initiatives to present to the ISC.                                                                                    | The committee decided on a four-month timeframe for the roadmap.                                                                                                                |
| Membership Benefits        | Matthew is already working on membership benefits. The group suggested a survey to gather member input on desired benefits. Sanjaya proposed a referral program.                                                                                                        | A survey for member benefits and a referral program were suggested.                                                                                                             |
| Participation & Onboarding | Maureen suggested a new member onboarding "sprint" or a 30-day program to improve member participation. The group agreed this was a key area to focus on.                                                                                                               | The team identified a need to boost member participation and improve the onboarding process.                                                                                    |
| Recognition & Badges       | The group discussed the value of badges and recognition for members. While some found badges less motivating, others saw them as a tangible way to track contributions. The idea of linking badges to an on-chain record for a "we are Intersect" website was proposed. | The committee discussed different forms of recognition, including badges and a system to display member contributions on the website. Sanjaya confirmed badges could be minted. |
| Local Community Hubs       | Fanny expressed a desire to connect Indonesian members with Intersect. The group framed this as supporting local community hubs, which was added as a roadmap item.                                                                                                     | The idea of providing support to local community hubs was added to the roadmap.                                                                                                 |
| Next Steps & Ownership     | The committee agreed to pair up and take ownership of the identified roadmap items. Each pair will define the scope and KPIs of their work and present their plans at the next meeting.                                                                                 | Pairs were formed for Membership Benefits (Sanjaya, Akheel), Participation (Darlington, Maureen), Recognition (Darlington, Boaz), and Community Hubs (Fanny, Nathan).           |
