# Meeting Minutes May 13, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| TBD                  | No         | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Alex Seregin
* Daniel Ribar
* Nori Nishigaya
* P. Lucas
* Tevo Saks
* Yuta

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting 2025/05/13 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U2kBGdUmj_YDYWBbyqnF8RoI226SGYa6/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting 2025/05/13 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_UCqZgHJbe2mnIzDrL7VCdcsCxBFY-pzeMvM9EjKsZ0/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/05/13 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18vbgNs_e7An4gbhgEiwo6bdNr4WBRZ1i/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** TBD\
**Fanny:** TBD\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** TBD\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 5.13.25

* See Agenda Here: [May 13th, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19MkJv_NYtRrh7viTD_GKoY1A3dk9d3sAUYXzW14ffq0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Decisions/Actions

* **Formal Onboarding of New Members:** The committee agreed to conduct a formal presentation of MCC activities and an onboarding session for newly elected members.
* **Next Meeting for Onboarding:** The MCC meeting on June 3rd, at 1 PM UTC, will be held to facilitate the new member onboarding.
* **Meeting Cadence Review (via polls):** The committee decided that Terence McCutcheon will create polls in Discord to gather sentiment on preferred meeting days/times and meeting length (1 hour, 1.5 hours, 2 hours) to determine the new meeting cadence.
* **Chair Election Process Clarification:** It was clarified that the Chair position was not voted on in the recent election, and the process involves a co-chair transitioning to the Chair role for continuity. This will be discussed further during onboarding.
* **Community Hubs Future (Strategy Development):** The committee acknowledged the need to explore strategies for the future of community hubs, including identifying existing value, exploring alternative funding avenues (like Catalyst), and developing a long-range communication plan to align with DRep interests for 2026 funding.
* **Communication Strategy Development:** The committee recognized the need for a dedicated communication strategy for the MCC to address fragmented information and effectively convey messages to the broader community. Darlington Wleh will initiate a discussion (in Discord or a focused group) to draft this strategy.
* **ISC Meeting Observation:** A poll will be conducted to gauge interest among MCC members in attending ISC meetings as observers.

| **Topic**                        | **Discussion**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | **Action Items**                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and Introductions        | Darlington Wleh welcomed all attendees, especially the newly elected members. Attendees introduced themselves, stating their name, title, and current location/time zone. Alex Seregin expressed confusion about the difference between the Civics Committee and the MCC.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Alex Seregin: Further clarify the distinction between the Civics Committee and MCC roles.                                                                                                                                   |
| Outgoing Member Recognition      | Nori Nishigaya's term as MCC Chair is ending. Terence McCutcheon expressed appreciation for the contributions of outgoing appointed members (including Nori) and invited them to continue attending meetings through the end of May or first meeting in June to facilitate handover.                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Darlington Wleh: Consider a retrospective for outgoing members to gather feedback on improvements.                                                                                                                          |
| Formal Onboarding of New Members | The committee agreed on a formal presentation of MCC activities and an onboarding session for newly elected members. This will include information about channels and processes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Darlington Wleh: Prepare a formal onboarding presentation for newly elected members.                                                                                                                                        |
| MCC Chair Election               | Discussion clarified that the Chair position was not up for a separate vote in the recent election. The current process involves electing a co-chair who then transitions into the Chair role for continuity.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Darlington Wleh: During onboarding, discuss the co-chair role and invite interested individuals to put their names forward for co-chair.                                                                                    |
| Meeting Cadence Review           | The current meeting time needs to be revisited as many previous regular attendees are no longer participating. The possibility of reducing meeting length to one hour was also suggested, given the end of the budget-focused discussions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Terence McCutcheon: Create polls in Discord to gather sentiment on preferred meeting days/times and meeting length (1 hour, 1.5 hours, 2 hours).                                                                            |
| MCC Budget Proposal Outcome      | The MCC line items were not included in the current on-chain budgets, leading to significant discussion on the future of community hubs and other previously funded initiatives.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Darlington Wleh: Obtain an update from Nick Co/the business on their plans for community hubs and related funding.                                                                                                          |
| Future of Community Hubs         | Matthew Capps emphasized the need to salvage existing value from previously funded hubs and strategize for 2026 funding, aligning with DRep interests. Nori Nishigaya suggested exploring Catalyst as a funding avenue and coordinating with other community initiatives and Cardano Foundation ambassadors. Pedro Lucas stressed the importance of identifying demonstrably valuable hubs. Laurentine Djatsa questioned how to effectively communicate the value of these activities to DReps. | MCC Members: Identify valuable aspects of past hub programs and explore ways to preserve them (e.g., via Catalyst). Formulate a long-range communication strategy for future funding proposals, focusing on DRep interests. |
| Communication Strategy           | The committee recognized a significant communication problem within the community, with fragmented information and difficulty reaching all necessary stakeholders. Suggestions included using one reliable channel, wallet notifications (with cost considerations), and a dedicated communications plan.                                                                                                                                                                                       | Darlington Wleh: Initiate a discussion in Discord (or a focused group) to draft a comprehensive communications strategy and protocol for the MCC.                                                                           |
| Intersect Leadership & MCC Remit | Darlington Wleh sought clarity from Terence McCutcheon regarding Intersect's current leadership vision and how the MCC can be valuable to Intersect's agenda. Terence McCutcheon reinforced that the committees are steering committees, free to propose changes to their remit and encouraged to represent community voice.                                                                                                                                                                    | MCC Members: Review the existing MCC remit and consider proposing changes if necessary, aligning with community needs and Intersect's evolving objectives.                                                                  |
| Intersect Membership Engagement  | Concerns were raised about low voter turnout in elections and low paid membership numbers. Maureen Wepngong suggested that the benefits of paid membership are not clearly communicated and may not be sufficiently appealing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | MCC Members: Explore strategies to increase Intersect membership engagement, focusing on clear communication of benefits and potentially enhanced offerings.                                                                |
| Next Meeting (Onboarding)        | The next MCC meeting on June 3rd will proceed as scheduled, focusing on the onboarding of new members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | All Attendees: Plan to attend the next MCC meeting on June 3rd at 1 PM UTC for the new member onboarding session.                                                                                                           |
| ISC Meeting Observation          | A poll was conducted to gauge interest in attending Intersect Steering Committee (ISC) meetings as observers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Darlington Wleh: Follow up on the interest in observing ISC meetings and clarify logistics for attendance.                                                                                                                  |
