# Meeting Minutes September 2, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Other Attendees:

* Gintama



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/09/02 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GAGBHycg7WjAlnmSplDHnDhS_27BWpVQ/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/09/02 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dUIy_vC17jHOd4Le37ef1WYdUNwR2qrnJAaBhDQDjYg/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/09/02 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wkOnusoablCh_CeV-QXVXDd0XxMFjVD4/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 9.02.25

* ISC Request: Stipend consideration
* MCC Charter: Feedback from Matthew
* Matt C. document
* Maureen W. document

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* **Compensation:** The committee agreed that compensation for members should be based on their contributions, not just on meeting attendance.
* **Charter Revisions:** The committee will continue to revise the charter and decided to hold an additional meeting to finalize it.
* **Future Meeting:** The committee will meet at the same time next week to continue the discussion and address outstanding agenda items.

#### Actions

* **Matthew** will take another pass at rewriting the mission statement in the charter.
* The **committee** will review Terenceâ€™s charter copy at the next meeting.
* **Fanny** will share her community hub plan on Discord for the committee to review.
* **Members** with assigned tasks will prepare a draft of their work to be reviewed at the next meeting.

| Topic                          | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome & Personal Updates     | Darlington and Boaz welcome everyone, including Matthew and Maureen. Matthew explains that he joined the meeting despite his busy schedule because async communication wasn't enough. Boaz discusses his need for a break from work. Darlington shares his experience of running away to the beach to reset, and Fanny mentions her situation in Indonesia.                                                                                                                 | The meeting opens with informal conversation and personal check-ins.                                                      |
| Meeting Agenda                 | Darlington proposes the agenda: an Intersect Committee (IC) question about compensation, addressing remaining comments on the charter, and reviewing documents from Maureen and Matthew. Everyone agrees to the agenda. The group briefly discusses how to navigate documents in ClickUp.                                                                                                                                                                                   | The agenda for the meeting is set and approved by the attendees.                                                          |
| ISC Compensation Question      | Darlington shares the ISC's question regarding compensation for committee members. The proposed compensation is 500 ADA/month for members and 1000 ADA/month for chairs, starting in July. He asks for feedback from the committee.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | The primary topic of the meeting is the ISC's proposal for compensating committee members.                                |
| Compensation Discussion        | Matthew and Maureen suggest that compensation should be tied to contributions, not just attendance, to ensure accountability. Matthew states he wouldn't want to be paid for months he hasn't contributed much. Maureen agrees, emphasizing the need for better structure and clear tasks to measure contributions. Boaz also raises the issue of key metrics and tracking contributions. Laurentine notes that a task assignment model is a good start for measuring work. | Most members agree that compensation should be performance-based and transparent.                                         |
| IC's Role in Compensation      | Darlington asks if committees should decide on compensation distribution individually or if the ISC should set a universal rule. Matthew recommends the MCC draft a public recommendation to the IC, emphasizing fairness and accountability.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | The group discusses the level of autonomy committees should have in handling compensation.                                |
| Proposal for Meeting Cadence   | Sanjaya suggests switching from weekly to bi-weekly meetings if members are being paid. Terence and Maureen argue against this, stating that weekly meetings are better for engagement and that asynchronous work (Google Docs, etc.) can handle tasks between meetings.                                                                                                                                                                                                    | A proposal to change the meeting frequency is introduced and debated.                                                     |
| Charter Mission Statement      | The group begins discussing the charter, specifically the mission and vision statements. Matthew suggests deleting the mission statement as it seems redundant with the vision statement. Terence argues they serve different purposes: the mission is a long-term statement of purpose, while the vision is a more short-term, actionable plan.                                                                                                                            | The conversation shifts to a line-by-line review of the committee's charter document.                                     |
| Vagueness of Mission Statement | Matthew expresses concern that the mission statement's language is too vague (e.g., "dynamic, diverse, empowered") and doesn't provide concrete, measurable goals for the committee. He questions how the committee can be held accountable to such broad terms. Terence clarifies that the mission defines "why you're here" and the vision defines "what you're doing."                                                                                                   | The clarity and effectiveness of the charter's mission statement are questioned.                                          |
| Next Steps & Follow-up         | Due to time constraints, Darlington suggests holding an extra meeting next week to finalize the charter and discuss Maureen and Matthew's documents. He asks for a show of hands to see who can attend the same time next week. Matthew agrees to take another stab at rewriting the mission statement. Fanny volunteers to share her plan for the community hub before the next meeting.                                                                                   | The meeting concludes with scheduling an additional session to continue the discussion and move forward on key documents. |
