# Meeting Minutes March 04, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nick Cook            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Nori Nishigaya       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric       | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart             | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |

**Other Attendees:**

* Alexandre Maaza, Gonzalo's Notetaker, Hannah Williams, Jay Des, Kriss Baird, Lawrence Clark, Terence McCutcheon, Thiago Nunes.

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/03/04 13:41 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1HYrSOEZfqCeAlr7e-zwlVeVq7oFKuT3O)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/03/04 13:41 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qayCKt7Xhj0WuCdsPd93L8-GL4YFYGgOm0VwcE5zpqk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.u0yx77i73y86)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/03/04 13:41 GMT - Chat](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1HYrSOEZfqCeAlr7e-zwlVeVq7oFKuT3O)

## Intros

Darlington: Lido Nation

Nick: Intersect Staff, MCC Secretary

Katarina: TBD

Sheldon: TBD

Benjamin: TBD

Yuta: ICC, Japan Hub Manager

Matthew: Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

Sanjaya: TBD

Akheel: Logistician by profession

Ha: Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 3.4.25

* See Agenda Here: [March 4th, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tPlm5NByvRxSvqiivz_xQaJntZfTAX69caxo_KVW-7E/edit?tab=t.0)

## Decisions/Actions

* **2025 Membership fees:** We had a Discussion about potentially changing membership fees in 2025 and setting them by region. Nick to post a discussion on Discord about this.
* **Note Transcription:** The committee acknowledged the improved quality of note transcription and summarization tools and suggested considering these tools for meeting minutes and summaries. &#x20;
* **Cardano Presence at ETH Denver:** The committee discussed the lack of Cardano presence at ETH Denver and decided to explore ways to secure a presence at future major conferences. &#x20;
* **Membership Updates:** Due to reduced resources, the committee decided to focus on onboarding new enterprise members and gathering feedback. &#x20;
* **Catalyst Budget Line Items:** The committee decided to revise and update the Catalyst budget based on the feedback received. &#x20;
* **Election Process:** The committee confirmed that the election process is underway and will update the knowledge base pages with information about the April elections. &#x20;
* **Community Hub Working Group:** The committee agreed to continue working on the hub strategy and invite interested parties to join the working group meetings. &#x20;
* **Catalyst Working Group:** The committee decided to formally kick off the Catalyst Working Group and find someone from the MCC committee to lead the formation of the group and its charter. &#x20;
* **Budget Process:** The committee decided to implement changes to the budget process based on the workshop's feedback, including greater DREP involvement and the use of smart contracts. &#x20;
* **Town Halls:** The committee will explore different options for running town halls in the future, including having Intersect run them internally, issuing a grant for community-run town halls, or having hubs manage town halls regionally.  Nick to post a Discord discussion about this.
* **Membership Renewal Fees:** The committee will decide whether to keep fees the same or modify them regionally. &#x20;
* **Community Hub Budgeting:** The committee will provide clarification on the budget and discuss the approach for allocating funds.&#x20;
* **Important News Call for DREPs:** The committee will invite panelists from different committees to share updates on important topics

| Discussion Point               | Notes                                                                                                                   | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Note Transcription             | The quality of note transcription and summarization tools has significantly improved.                                   | Consider using these tools for meeting minutes and summaries.                                                                                                                                              |
| Cardano Presence at ETH Denver | Cardano had no official presence at ETH Denver, despite community interest.                                             | Explore ways to secure Cardano's presence at future major conferences.                                                                                                                                     |
| Membership Updates             | Resources for membership activities have been reduced.                                                                  | Focus on onboarding new enterprise members and gathering feedback.                                                                                                                                         |
| Catalyst Budget Line Items     | Feedback has been received on Catalyst budget line items.                                                               | Revise and update the budget based on the feedback.                                                                                                                                                        |
| Election Process               | The election process is underway, with communications prepared and ready for sign-off.                                  | Update knowledge base pages with information about the April elections.                                                                                                                                    |
| Community Hub Working Group    | The working group has ratified its charter and is progressing on the hub strategy document.                             | Continue working on the hub strategy and invite interested parties to join the working group meetings.                                                                                                     |
| Catalyst Working Group         | The Catalyst Working Group needs to be formally kicked off.                                                             | Find someone from the MCC committee to lead the formation of the group and its charter.                                                                                                                    |
| Budget Process                 | Charles Hoskinson raised concerns about the budget process, leading to a workshop with community and Intersect members. | Implement changes to the budget process based on the workshop's feedback, including greater DREP involvement and the use of smart contracts.                                                               |
| Town Halls                     | There was a mixed response to community-run town halls.                                                                 | Explore different options for running town halls in the future, including having Intersect run them internally, issuing a grant for community-run town halls, or having hubs manage town halls regionally. |
| Membership Renewal Fees        | Membership renewal fees are coming up at the end of quarter two.                                                        | Decide whether to keep fees the same or modify them regionally.                                                                                                                                            |
| Community Hub Budgeting        | There were questions about specific line items in the community hub budget.                                             | Provide clarification on the budget and discuss the approach for allocating funds.                                                                                                                         |
| Important News Call for DREPs  | A regular call is being started for committees to share important news with the ecosystem, particularly DREPs.          | Invite panelists from different committees to share updates on important topics.                                                                                                                           |
