# Meeting Minutes December 16, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Akheel Fouze           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ian McCullough         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Attendees:

* Terence McCutcheon
* Chaya
* Ken-Erik Ølmheim
* Wilco van de Burgwal

Recording: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/12/16 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zU599C7F_ZlXwUNrPCU9SeLSUx_q8HEV/view?usp=drive_link)

Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/12/16 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19lFi7UDfgR8CZoa4u0uLgqjCpT_G87WOvSybaqAFfmc/edit?usp=drive_link)

Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/12/18 - Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiw1RYze8Cm0nP4bBO6X6wnJMGoiVSYk/view?usp=drive_link)

## Intros

Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Abhik: TBD\
Boaz: TBD\
Fanny: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
Ian: TBD\
Jose: TBD\
Laurentine: TBD\
Maureen: MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
Olivier: TBD\
Sanjaya: MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon

## Agenda 12.16.25

* See Agenda Here:  &#x20;

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* Facilitation Support: The committee reached a consensus to continue receiving support from Terence as a facilitator to help navigate Intersect’s processes and tools.
* Tooling Strategy: The committee decided to use the Miro board as an open workspace for both committee and non-committee members, while ClickUp will remain the restricted area for official task assignment and management by committee members.
* Office Hours Schedule: The "Open Office Hours" (X Spaces) are officially scheduled to begin next Monday at 1:00 PM UTC on a recurring basis.
* Document Storage: The committee agreed to move "completed" or "official" documents (like the Charter) to ClickUp for centralized access, while keeping "living" drafts in Google Drive for better collaboration.

#### Actions

* Meeting Minutes Turnaround: Abhik and Terence are to coordinate the transfer of event ownership so that meeting notes can be provided within a standard 48-hour window.
* ClickUp Restructuring: Abhik will assist Maureen in restructuring the MCC ClickUp board, specifically moving workstream names (Participation, Benefits, etc.) from "Status" fields into "Custom Fields" or "Lists" to improve project tracking.
* Task Migration: Abhik will act as the technical lead to transfer tasks from the unofficial project board and Miro board into the official Intersect ClickUp space.
* Data Import: Wilco and Abhik will coordinate on importing the approximately 70 existing tasks into ClickUp to avoid manual data entry.
* X Space Setup: Abhik will set up the recurring X Space for Sanjaya, including enabling the recording feature and coordinating the "opening" of the space.
* Volunteer Rotation: Sanjaya is to seek volunteers from the committee to act as backup hosts for the Monday office hours in case of his absence.
* Knowledge Base Review: The committee members are to review the existing "Recent Updates" section of the Intersect Knowledge Base to determine how to better utilize it for community transparency.



| Topic                             | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Notes                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Tooling & Infrastructure Debate   | Maureen expressed frustration over Discord's chaotic nature and the lack of project-level creation rights for committees. Terence countered that there are no actual restrictions, only a need for better process understanding.                                                    | Decision: Terence offered continued support as a facilitator to walk the committee through standard Intersect processes.                               |
| Secretary Support & Access        | Maureen requested that Terence hand over full administrative access (including meeting note transcription) to Abhik. Abhik noted that while Terence currently holds event ownership, they are working together to speed up the delivery of meeting notes.                           | Action: Abhik and Terence to coordinate to ensure meeting notes are delivered within 48 hours of each call.                                            |
| ClickUp Optimization & Structure  | Wilco highlighted that the current ClickUp board is overloaded and lacks clear status fields. He suggested using six separate lists for the workstreams or a custom field to filter the board by focus area rather than using the "status" field for categorizing tasks.            | Action: Abhik to assist Maureen in restructuring the ClickUp space to separate "Area" (Workstream) from "Status" (To-do, In Progress, etc.).           |
| Hierarchy & Blueprinting          | Cullah expressed interest in seeing how other successful committees structure their ClickUp hierarchy. Wilco proposed creating a standardized blueprint for all Intersect committees to ensure consistency and easier cross-committee collaboration.                                | Note: Terence noted that most committees are currently not at a maturity level to support cross-working on boards, but foundation-building is ongoing. |
| External Contributor Coordination | Maureen raised the issue of non-committee members being unable to access the Intersect ClickUp board. Abhik proposed using the Miro board as the open workspace for everyone, while committee members manage the final task assignments in ClickUp.                                 | Note: Miro remains the primary collaborative tool for non-committee members.                                                                           |
| Project Management Transfer       | Maureen decided to transfer the unofficial board tasks to the official Intersect ClickUp. Wilco recommended importing the data rather than manual copy-pasting to save time.                                                                                                        | Action: Abhik to serve as the "hands" for the committee to structure the official space as Maureen directs.                                            |
| Document Management               | Maureen suggested moving completed documents (like the Charter) from Google Drive to ClickUp for centralized access. Wilco cautioned that Google Drive is better for "living" documents due to superior sharing features, but finished documents should be officialized in ClickUp. | Note: Google Drive remains for drafting; ClickUp for final storage.                                                                                    |
| Open Office Hours (X Spaces)      | Sanjaya confirmed that "Open Office Hours" on X (formerly Twitter) will start next Monday at 1:00 PM UTC. These will be recurring sessions to gather community feedback for the Tuesday committee meetings.                                                                         | Action: Abhik to set up the recurring X Space and coordinate recording/hosting logistics with Sanjaya.                                                 |
| Knowledge Base (Recent Updates)   | Terence pointed out that a "Recent Updates" page already exists in the Knowledge Base to track changes across committees, though Maureen suggested it needs to be more "enticing" and visible.                                                                                      | Action: Committee to review existing Knowledge Base tools to avoid duplicating effort.                                                                 |
