# Meeting Minutes November 18, 2025

Nov 18, 2025 | Membership & Community Committee

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh        | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen              | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Ian McCullough         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |



Other Attendees:



Recording: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/11/18 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1khubKlB426yy5mP-quW8kqwk_JXYFMMe/view?usp=drive_link)

Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/11/18 - Notes/Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XNWRvJZdr3zug--Kldy2w4SSwt1wR_phgDq1oNo8ZJA/edit?usp=drive_link)

Chat Transcript: [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/11/18 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m7tqEC6LtQlNOE8RhN5CwEPGMYOZpG7A/view?usp=drive_link)

## Intros

Nori: Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders\
Darlington: TBD\
Tex: Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary\
Katarina: TBD\
Sheldon: TBD\
Benjamin: TBD\
Yuta: ICC, Japan Hub Manager\
Matthew: Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
Sanjaya: TBD\
Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Ha: Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 11.18.25

* No formal Agenda set
* Carryover from previous meetings&#x20;

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* Formal onboarding and orientation for newly elected members is postponed until next week's meeting.
* Outgoing members (Darlington, Matthew, and Ha) are asked to attend the next two meetings to facilitate the transition.
* The Vice Chair election will be held next week, using the members portal for voting.
* The letter to be sent to the board via Nick (regarding existing hubs) is ready for a vote.

#### Actions

* Terence is to ensure all committee members, especially new ones, have full ClickUp access (including task creation and assignment).
* Abhik and Terence are to ensure all newly elected members have access to the ClickUp and Google Drive/Member Portal by next week's meeting.
* Members interested in the Vice Chair role should DM Darlington by next week's meeting.
* The Fund 15 proposal draft is expected to be shared with the MCC by the day after tomorrow (Monday is today, so Wednesday).
* Abhik is to immediately set up a Discord poll/vote for the approval of the letter to the board.
* Terence and Abhik are to determine the best process/location (e.g., GitBook, members area) for publishing the Working Groups Directory.
* Matthew and Maureen are to confirm if their ClickUp permissions issue is resolved and inform Terence.
* The team will discuss the Fund 15 submission procedure (concerning KYC/KYB requirements) asynchronously in the Discord chat.



| Topic                                               | Disscussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Notes                                                                                                                                                         |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ClickUp Access/Issue                                | Terence mentioned he would address the pending ClickUp access issues (notably for committee members) later that afternoon. Matthew later confirmed he had permission issues preventing him from creating/assigning tasks.                                               | Action: Terence to ensure all committee members, especially new ones, have full ClickUp access (including task creation/assignment).                          |
| Formal Onboarding and Orientation                   | Darlington proposed delaying the formal onboarding of new members to the following week's meeting, as no official preparation had been done for this meeting. Abhik suggested a transition call.                                                                        | Formal onboarding/orientation scheduled for next week's meeting.                                                                                              |
| New Member Tech Access                              | A need was raised to ensure all new members receive access to ClickUp, Google Drive, and other technologies used by the committee.                                                                                                                                      | Action: Abhik/Terence to ensure all new members have ClickUp/Google Drive access by next week's meeting.                                                      |
| Outgoing Members Transition                         | Terence clarified that outgoing members (Darlington, Matthew, Ha) are asked to attend one or two additional meetings to facilitate a smooth handoff to the newly elected members.                                                                                       | Outgoing members (Darlington, Matthew, Ha) requested to attend the next two meetings to support transition.                                                   |
| Co-Chair/Vice Chair Election Plan                   | Darlington announced he would be stepping down, and Maureen would become the Chair. The committee needs to elect a new Vice Chair (formerly Co-Chair). Terence explained the role (six months supporting the Chair, then taking over as Chair for the next six months). | Action: Members interested in the Vice Chair role should DM Darlington by next week's meeting. The election will occur next week via the members portal.      |
| Hub Workstream / Fund 15 Proposal                   | Sanjaya provided an update on the Fund 15 proposal preparation, noting they are utilizing documentation from the previous working group for KPIs and Hub Manager criteria. They plan to share a draft with the MCC shortly.                                             | Fund 15 proposal draft expected to be shared with the MCC by day after tomorrow.                                                                              |
| Letter to Board (via Nick)                          | Sanjaya confirmed the letter to the board (regarding existing hubs continuing operations) is ready and was reshared in the Discord chat.                                                                                                                                | Action: Abhik to immediately set up a Discord vote for the letter's approval.                                                                                 |
| Participation Workstream (Working Groups Directory) | Maureen (with support from Akil) reported progress on the working groups directory, detailing information (criteria, contact) to be eventually put on the Intersect website to boost participation.                                                                     | Action: Abhik/Terence to determine the best process/location (GitBook, members area, etc.) for publishing the Working Groups Directory.                       |
| Town Hall vs. Town Square                           | Abhik explained the difference between the two event types: Town Square is community-driven, and Town Hall is for Intersect/Committee updates (like MCC's monthly progress). Maureen expressed a desire for more community benefit/usefulness in the Town Hall format.  | Note: Town Hall updates can be used as an outlet for MCC's work. Next Town Hall is on the 29th.                                                               |
| Member Benefits Update (ClickUp Tasks)              | Matthew reported that he was blocked on his workstream tasks due to a ClickUp permissions issue preventing him from creating or assigning tasks. He needs to hand off this work as his term ends.                                                                       | Terence confirmed the permissions issue is resolved. Matthew to confirm and proceed with task creation/handoff.                                               |
| Fund 15 Submission Procedure                        | Sanjaya raised a final question regarding who should submit the Fund 15 proposal for the MCC, noting the KYC/KYB requirement associated with Catalyst funding.                                                                                                          | Action: The team will discuss the Fund 15 submission procedure (KYC/KYB) asynchronously on Discord to determine the correct entity/individual for submission. |
