# Meeting Minutes April 1, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nick Cook            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Nori Nishigaya       | No         | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Yuki Oishi (Yuta)    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric       | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart             | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Fayyaadh Adams&#x20;
* Hannah Williams&#x20;
* Nana Safo
* P. Lucas
* y o

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/04/01 13:41 BST - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1L-e2u8rAmCX3KHiw7veiCgihd-pOCQTh/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/04/01 13:41 BST - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AMDWBhG5IgY0KUp5DjF8Z88ehkYLS9oVgV5SLJme1dg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.pa3lbqwl6fjz)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/04/01 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YkiiP7Sdy_x9Knb1J0-ZMAGhwYDogRr8/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Nori:** Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

**Darlington:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

**Katarina:** TBD

**Sheldon:** TBD

**Benjamin:** TBD

**Yuta:** ICC, Japan Hub Manager

**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

**Sanjaya:** TBD

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession

**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 4.01.25

* See Agenda Here: [April 1st, 2025 MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jUt3wQz-teHI8djKZu8fbt3mPKxtuY2bnCsv1wyVIeY/edit?tab=t.0)

## Decisions/Actions

* **Meeting Time Zone Discrepancy:** Hannah Williams will post a message in the MCC Discord about the meeting start time discrepancy on the calendar.
* **Community Grants Item in MCC Budget:** The community grant item will be removed from the MCC budget version 1.0.0 because no proposal draft was submitted by the agreed-upon deadline (April 1st UTC). However, the deadline for drafting can be postponed if there is interest.
* **Town Hall Delivery:** Town halls will be delivered by the community hubs, with Intersect providing content and support.
* **Membership Fees:** Membership fees will remain the same.
* **Working Group Authority:** Working groups can make decisions within their charter, but significant decisions, especially those involving expenditure, need MCC ratification. Darlington Wleh will formalize this understanding on Discord with a poll.
* **MCC Budget Submission Format:** The MCC will submit its budget by categories, not as individual line items or one overall budget.
* **Catalyst Budget Submission:** The Catalyst team will submit their budget separately from the MCC.
* **MCC Budget Drafting and Submission:** Darlington Wleh and Nick Cook will meet to draft the MCC budget in a spreadsheet, which will then be reviewed by MCC members before submission. Nick Cook will assist with the upload and facilitation.

| **Topic**                                 | **Discussion**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | **Action Items**                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome & Introductions                   | Nick Cook welcomed attendees and acknowledged UT's new status as the most powerful man in the Cardano ecosystem due to an unexpected delegation. General check-ins on everyone's day.                                                                   | N/A                                                                                                                                                      |
| Meeting Time Zone Issues                  | Discussion about the recent British summertime clock change potentially causing attendance issues. Benjamin Hart suggested conflicts with other meetings scheduled in different time zones are a more likely reason.                                    | Hannah Williams to post a message in the MCC Discord about the meeting start time discrepancy on the calendar.                                           |
| Budget Proposal Submission Tool Update    | Nick Cook provided an update on the new GovTool for budget proposal submissions. The new system allows public viewing and commenting, with DREPs and committees gaining commenting abilities in two weeks.                                              | MCC to be made aware via Discord of submissions aligned with their committee for review and feedback.                                                    |
| Committee Elections                       | Update on committee elections. 33 candidates have submitted so far, with the application window closing on April 11th. Outreach is being done to past applicants and enterprise members.                                                                | Encourage suitable individuals to apply for committee positions by April 11th.                                                                           |
| Community Hubs Working Group Update       | Hannah Williams reported that funding for the interim phase of the six community hubs has been approved, with two contracts signed and four more expected. Hubs will organize events to discuss the budget ratification process and Intersect's vision. | Continue to finalize hub contracts.                                                                                                                      |
| Community Hubs KPIs & Voting Members      | The working group is mapping KPIs. The MCC previously voted for two regional representatives for voting members, which is nearing completion. Asynchronous voting on KPIs will begin soon in the Discord forum.                                         | Hannah Williams to share asynchronous votes on KPIs with the MCC Discord forum for feedback in the coming weeks.                                         |
| Working Group Authority / MCC Bandwidth   | Discussion on the level of decision-making authority for working groups. Consensus leaned towards working groups making decisions within their charter, but significant decisions, especially those involving expenditure, need MCC ratification.       | Darlington Wleh to formalize the understanding of working group authority and agency on Discord with a quick poll for wider visibility and confirmation. |
| Community Support Working Group Update    | Akheel F is awaiting feedback from Tess regarding the remit, who is busy with elections.                                                                                                                                                                | Akheel F to follow up with Tess, or Nick Cook can assist if needed.                                                                                      |
| Catalyst Working Group Update             | The Catalyst working group is still facing scheduling issues for its inaugural session due to time zone differences. The Catalyst team plans to invite participants from previous working group sessions.                                               | N/A                                                                                                                                                      |
| Async Poll Results: Town Hall Delivery    | Overwhelming support for community hubs to deliver town halls, with Intersect providing content and support.                                                                                                                                            | Nick Cook to work with Hannah Williams on delivering monthly town halls via community hubs.                                                              |
| Async Poll Results: Membership Fees       | Overwhelming support to keep membership fees the same.                                                                                                                                                                                                  | N/A                                                                                                                                                      |
| MCC Budget Submission Process             | Discussion about how the MCC will submit its budget. UT noted the MCC budget version 1.0.0 will remove the community grant item as no one drafted a proposal by the deadline.                                                                           | Darlington Wleh and Nick Cook to schedule a session to draft the MCC budget in a spreadsheet for review and prepare content for submission.              |
| DREP & Committee Advice on Proposals      | A form has been created for committees to analyze proposals. MCC will receive daily references to proposals in Discord for review and to provide advice to DREPs when asked.                                                                            | MCC members to review incoming proposals in Discord and prepare to offer advice to DREPs.                                                                |
| Intersect Governance Working Group        | Update on a new working group spun off by the ISC to look at general Intersect governance, voting mechanisms for elections, and committee composition.                                                                                                  | N/A                                                                                                                                                      |
| Final Review of Action Items & Next Steps | Summary of decisions made regarding community grants deadline, budget submission format, and working group authority.                                                                                                                                   | Darlington Wleh to post a summary of working group authority decisions in Discord.                                                                       |
