# Meeting Minutes October 14, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | No         | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Other Attendees:

* Abhik Nag



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/14 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A1cSbkpdn7jm7VZZGBhyEuYzfTdyja2W/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/14 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HwFkpOW2bvD4LO50roDpEXUhw2JnRWIPKTajMZQXFmQ/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/10/14 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bNGUaw2RTOqMm9kSnVOHDtoIL_VK1fxi/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 10.14.25

* Intersect Membership: Member Count
* Committee Elections
* Check-in: Hubs WG reboot

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions**

* **Hubs Strategy Relaunch:** Fanny and Sanjaya will lead a renewed effort to address the inactive hubs, which includes:
* Schedule a meeting with current and prospective new hub leaders.
* Develop a proposal to submit for Catalyst Fund 15 to secure funding for community hub activities.
* **Committee Elections Promotion:** The MCC members agreed to continue their promotional efforts for the ongoing committee elections (deadline October 24th) by:
* Retweet promotional videos from their individual accounts.
* Explore the creation of an Intersect thread that compiles all committee election videos.
* **Town Hall Participation:** It was decided that an MCC representative (Fanny or Sanjaya were suggested) would speak at the Town Hall on October 30th to provide an update on MCC activities, including the next steps for hubs.
* **ClickUp Access Resolution:** Terence agreed to personally assist Darlington with resolving his ClickUp 2FA issue and restoring access.

**Actions**

* **Terence:** Send the link to the Annual Member Survey to Abhik.
* **Abhik:** Check on the possibility of getting a summary of membership drop-outs by country/region.
* **Fanny, Sanjaya, and Akheel:** Schedule and host a meeting for existing and potential hub leaders to discuss a path forward and a possible Fund 15 proposal.
* **Fanny & Sanjaya:** Visit the Town Hall on October 30th to provide an update on hubs and encourage attendance for the next hubs meeting.
* **All MCC Members:** Encourage potential candidates to apply for committee elections, especially for TSC, Budget, Civics, and Product Committee, before the October 24th deadline. Retweet the committee election videos/posts.
* **Fanny:** Share the news about the upcoming hub meeting with interested parties, including Andreas for Indonesia.

| Topic                                            | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ClickUp 2FA Issue                                | Darlington needed assistance with resetting 2FA for ClickUp after losing the associated phone number.                                                                                                                     | Terence offered to DM Darlington to resolve the issue and later sent an email with a security link to restore access, advising an immediate account update.                                           |
| Product Committee Workshop                       | Darlington asked about the status of the "product committee workshop."                                                                                                                                                    | Sanjaya confirmed it already occurred, about three weeks to a month prior.                                                                                                                            |
| Membership & Engagement Overview                 | Darlington introduced the main agenda item: discussing membership in general, in tandem with the member benefits task force, to get context on Intersect's internal conversations.                                        | Abhik was asked to provide context on current membership counts and internal discussions at Intersect.                                                                                                |
| Current Membership Statistics                    | Abhik provided an update on membership numbers as of today.                                                                                                                                                               | Total Members: 4,591. Associate Members: 3,878 (up from 2,934). Paid Individual Members: 740 (down from 1,836). Enterprise Members: 29 (down from 53).                                                |
| Reasons for Low Paid Renewals                    | Abhik shared insights from Intersect: high email engagement for renewals but low actual renewal rates, pointing to insufficient member benefits.                                                                          | Decline in paid members (Individual/Enterprise) suggests benefits aren't sufficient. Low election engagement could be a result.                                                                       |
| Proposed New Benefits                            | Abhik mentioned potential benefits being considered, including open-source-linked perks like Petersia membership, legal support, and project incubation.                                                                  | Intersect is considering new benefits to boost renewals. Auto-renewal is also being considered, pending legal checks.                                                                                 |
| Enterprise Member Feedback                       | Abhik noted feedback from Enterprise members who feel they get similar benefits to individuals, questioning the $1,000 fee.                                                                                               | Enterprise members expect more than just logo placement for the higher fee.                                                                                                                           |
| Membership Drop-out by Region                    | Sanjaya inquired if the membership renewal drop-outs correlated with regions where local hubs have become inactive.                                                                                                       | Abhik will follow up with Keshav to check if a country-wise summary of drop-outs can be provided.                                                                                                     |
| Annual Member Survey (AM)                        | Darlington asked about the annual member survey. Terence provided details.                                                                                                                                                | The survey, drafted from last year with ISC input, has been open for about two weeks and closes around November 11th-13th (Cardano Summit). Spanish and Japanese versions are being released.         |
| Membership Renewal Drop-out Timing               | Terence noted that the primary drop-outs relate to expirations between July and August of the previous year, suggesting members may not realize they need to renew.                                                       | Targeting this specific group of lapsed members might be an effective renewal strategy.                                                                                                               |
| Recruiting New Members through Local Communities | Laurentine suggested encouraging members of local Cardano communities/un-official hubs to register on the portal, even as Associate Members, to receive updates.                                                          | This could potentially lead to future membership upgrades.                                                                                                                                            |
| Hubs Update & Next Steps                         | Fanny and Sanjaya provided an update on the status of the official Intersect hubs, noting most are inactive, with only WA and Sri Lanka still active. They are coordinating with Akil to plan next steps.                 | Sanjaya noted they are down to about five active hubs and are trying to get the existing managers on a call before the next MCC meeting.                                                              |
| Revisiting the Hubs Proposal & Funding           | Discussion revisited the dropped hubs proposal and the need for funding. A suggestion was made to scale down the original proposal and potentially submit it as a Catalyst Fund 15 category, aligning with its KPI focus. | Darlington, Fanny, and Sanjaya will explore a refined proposal and reaching out to people who previously tried to start hubs via GovTool, as well as interested new regions (e.g., India, Indonesia). |
| Committee Elections Status                       | Terence provided an update on the ongoing committee elections.                                                                                                                                                            | TSC has 0 applicants. Budget, Civics, and Product Committees have only 1 applicant each. MCC has 5 applicants. The deadline is October 24th, noon UTC.                                                |
