# Meeting Minutes August 5, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | No         | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Other Attendees:

* Not Collected



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/08/05 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/163XsHJMn-AvyvvLUYMEiwVVk2Ze-vAEp/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/08/05 - Notes/Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mpPysu6vST7IKx0PXVje8KfuRGsA6tvrRjy0_WPfDt8/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/08/05 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vp5dmE0n7gxBaS09MqBJTwwCnA4ze9L0/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 8.05.25

* MCC Charter

## Decisions/Actions

* **Finalized MCC Remit:** The committee reviewed, edited, and agreed upon the final draft of the MCC remit and charter.
* **Next Steps for Remit:** The finalized remit will be put to a vote in the Discord channel. After the vote, Darlington will present it to the Intersect Steering Committee (ISC) for approval.
* **Advisory Role for Community Hubs:** The committee decided to formally adopt an advisory role for supporting community hubs, guiding existing and future hubs without providing direct financial assistance.
* **Collaboration with Open Source Committee:** The committee agreed to partner with the Open Source Committee to develop a plan for recognizing community contributions from non-voting members. Darlington will coordinate with Lucas to begin this effort.
* **Membership Benefits Discussion Postponed:** The discussion on membership benefits was postponed until Matthew provides a draft document on the topic. The committee will then review it and provide feedback.

| Topic                                    | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                        | Notes                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Call to Order & Introductions            | The meeting was called to order. Participants introduced themselves and engaged in general conversation about their professional lives and upcoming events.                       | Participants included Darlington, Akheel, Boaz, Ha, Fanny, Sanjaya, and Maureen.                                                                                            |
| Project Catalyst & Catalyst Explorer     | Darlington mentioned being busy getting the Catalyst Explorer up to speed for Fund 14 and asked for feedback on the new platform.                                                 | Boaz confirmed he had his account set up and noted the platform's shift from Web2 to Web3.                                                                                  |
| Upcoming Events                          | Ha shared that a big event in the community just finished and another was coming up soon.                                                                                         | Ha mentioned a "dado night" with 100 people and a "big game" event scheduled for a Friday.                                                                                  |
| Attendance & Quorum                      | Darlington expressed that a quorum had been met despite a couple of members being absent, and the meeting could officially begin.                                                 | Fanny and Tex were noted as possibly having connectivity or time zone issues.                                                                                               |
| Agenda & Document Review                 | Darlington took on the secretary role and shared the agenda from ClickUp. The main items were to ratify the MCC remit and discuss a potential partnership with another committee. | The group decided to move forward with the agenda as 15 minutes of the meeting had already passed.                                                                          |
| Membership Benefits                      | Sanjaya asked if member benefits would be discussed. Darlington suggested waiting for a draft from Matthew and then having a discussion.                                          | The group agreed to this plan, with participants asked to provide feedback on Matthew's draft in the Discord channel.                                                       |
| MCC Remit & Charter Draft                | The committee reviewed and discussed the MCC remit and charter draft. They focused on sections like the importance of the MCC and areas the committee should cover.               | The group agreed on the topics to be covered, including membership onboarding, engagement strategies, and community hub support and evaluation.                             |
| Working Groups                           | Akheel brought up his suggestion for the MCC to play a more active role in guiding working groups related to the MCC.                                                             | Darlington clarified that the structure of working groups is already defined by Intersect's bylaws, but Akheel specified he was only referring to those related to the MCC. |
| MCC Vision Statement                     | The group reviewed the proposed vision statement. Maureen expressed that the current version was too vague and suggested a more specific version detailing what members can do.   | After discussion, a new, more specific vision statement was drafted to include voting on proposals, joining working groups, and accessing resources.                        |
| Community Hub Support                    | The committee discussed the role of the MCC in supporting community hubs, as the official hub program no longer exists.                                                           | It was agreed that the MCC's role would be advisory, offering guidance and support to existing and future hubs without providing monetary support.                          |
| Collaborating with Open Source Committee | Darlington brought up the idea of collaborating with Lucas and the Open Source Committee to find a way to recognize contributions from non-voting members and participants.       | Maureen suggested using the community hub network to nominate and recognize local contributors as a tangible way to offer support.                                          |
| Next Steps                               | The group agreed to finalize the MCC remit and put it to a vote in Discord. Darlington will present the ratified remit to the ISC.                                                | Darlington will also sync with Lucas to move forward with the collaboration on contributor recognition.                                                                     |
