# Meeting Minutes April 22, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nick Cook            | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Nori Nishigaya       | No         | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric       | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart             | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

**Recording:** [MCC Proposal Review - 2025/04/22 07:58 CDT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j-1ZtPkcJjYYlvL-ArNOwaBPC5yGP6YE/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [MCC Proposal Review - 2025/04/22 07:58 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K55_kxXC6gHPkWotIUhKATI9sEb6VxpYHct6rpTLAmI/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [MCC Proposal Review - Meeting - 2025/04/22 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bRK9mboVmqVh-r5ZGNqh64hBZgXEVINA/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Nori:** Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

**Darlington:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

**Katarina:** TBD

**Sheldon:** TBD

**Benjamin:** TBD

**Yuta:** ICC, Japan Hub Manager

**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

**Sanjaya:** TBD

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession

**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 4.22.25

* See Agenda Here: MCC Proposal Review

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A Action: N/A Quorum was not reached.

| Topic                                                           | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Lido CLI DREP Voting Integration                                | Darlington confirmed that Lido is allowing CLI DREPs to vote, making it easier for them to participate. The data is directly recorded into "Gov tools."                                                                                                                                                           | Nick to retweet the update from their InEx account.                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Reconciliation Workshop Data Snapshot                           | Nick inquired about incorporating the CLI DREP voting data into the reconciliation workshop data snapshot.                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Darlington confirmed the data is already integrated into "Gov tools."                                                                                                                                                            |
| MCC Hubs Proposal Feedback                                      | Nick mentioned the MCC Hubs proposal needs significant convincing. Uta had posed good questions, and the proposal was updated with reduced funding. Nick sought to understand Uta's key concerns to change his vote.                                                                                              | Darlington to review the second round of feedback on the MCC Hubs proposal. Nick to engage DREPs who voted "no" to understand their concerns and potential modifications for a "yes" vote (within 48 hours).                     |
| Changing Votes on Gov.tools                                     | Darlington was unsure if votes could be changed on "Gov.tools." Nick confirmed it was possible.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Darlington to confirm vote changing functionality on "Gov.tools."                                                                                                                                                                |
| Missing Attendees                                               | Darlington tried to reach out to expected attendees who had accepted the calendar invite but were not present.                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Darlington to directly message Ben and Sheldon.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| New MCC Proposals                                               | Darlington inquired about new MCC proposals and noted seeing one today.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Text to provide the updated list of proposals.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Consensus on Existing Proposals (Discord Poll)                  | The team discussed the consensus reached on 15-17 proposals via a Discord poll. Key agreements included: proposals under 300,000 ADA should wait for future Catalyst rounds (with an exception for the Catalyst reboot proposal); "no" votes remain "no"; and Hubs proposals should be mirrored with the MCC Hub. | Darlington and Nick to tag-team commenting on "Gov.tools" for proposals under 300,000 ADA and Hubs proposals, using pre-approved copy.                                                                                           |
| Catalyst Reboot DREP Proposal                                   | There was a mixed consensus on the Catalyst Reboot DREP proposal, with some "yes" and "no" votes in individual reviews, but a "yes" majority in the Discord poll for DREPs to consider it.                                                                                                                        | Darlington to proceed with the "Gov.tools" comment based on the Discord poll for this proposal.                                                                                                                                  |
| Next Steps for New and Remaining Proposals                      | The team discussed how to handle new proposals and those not covered by the current consensus, exploring options for assignments and feedback.                                                                                                                                                                    | Darlington and Yuta to continue populating the "for assignment and feedback" tab in their document for new proposals, determining "yes" or "no" status within the meeting, and then creating a Discord poll for wider consensus. |
| Kadano Institution and Committee Proposal                       | This proposal was identified as a "hub" type.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Darlington to recommend merging this with the community hub proposal.                                                                                                                                                            |
| Kadano Greek Embassy Proposal                                   | This proposal also appeared to be a "hub" type, based on its activities.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Darlington to recommend merging this with the community hub proposal.                                                                                                                                                            |
| Impact of Hubs Proposal Being Voted Down                        | Nick noted the main Hubs proposal is currently being voted down, raising concerns about other merged hub proposals.                                                                                                                                                                                               | The team acknowledged this as a point to discuss further, possibly in the reconciliation workshop.                                                                                                                               |
| Extended Quadratic Funding Proposal                             | This proposal was identified as having a name change and was already evaluated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | No new action.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Community-Centric Partnerships for Africa & East Asia Proposals | These proposals were recently renewed and were identified as potential "Catalyst alternative" or "low operational cost" types.                                                                                                                                                                                    | The team agreed to review these asynchronously.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| USA and Kadana Integration Proposal                             | This proposal was over 300,000 ADA and related to integrating African startups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | The team agreed to review this asynchronously.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Intersect Hub Proposal                                          | This proposal has low support, and the team discussed reasons why.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | The team decided this needs a separate conversation, potentially an async discussion in Discord, tagging specific people for feedback.                                                                                           |
