---
hidden: true
---

# Meeting Minutes June 10, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* na

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025-06-10 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cJ3QVWlysEELdSL9J7xyjOY5YjTZaiYb/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025-06-10 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jt48WKciuxJy7EPgSZ9EwQvvwiBJB0cGxE9UWEtrPvY/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/06/10 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h82XGzjPkHuSErTxG3G2X--abgI8Umcr/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** TBD\
**Fanny:** TBD\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** TBD\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 6.10.25

* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* **Maureen W.** was formally nominated and **voted in as co-chair**. This decision was reached through a show of hands and confirmed with quorum.
* Tex to add Maureen to the Discord chat for leadership and coordinate a meeting time.
* Details regarding a blockchain credentials working group will be shared in the MCC Discord channel.
* Committee members are encouraged to provide their input on the new member portal feature (Figma prototype).
* Darlington and Tex to investigate membership plans.
* Committee members should review the published meeting minutes for accuracy.
* Attendees are requested to provide their title, affiliation, and any conflicts of interest in the meeting chat at the start of future meetings.
* Identify useful MCC documents from Google Drive for public publication on the Intersect website's MCC page. Explore archiving older, less relevant MCC documents from Google Drive.
* Committee members can provide feedback on organizing the Google Drive folders.
* Terence McCutcheon offered assistance with Google Drive navigation.

| Topic                                    | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Action Items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Minutes & Notetakers             | Terence explained the process for meeting minutes: Google's recorded transcript is put into Gemini and then reviewed for accuracy. He emphasized that there should be no notetakers in Intersect meetings and attendees should inform the secretary or facilitator if they see any.                                                                                                                 | Attendees to inform the secretary or facilitator if they observe notetakers in Intersect meetings.                                                                                                                                                         |
| Co-Chair Nominations                     | Darlington opened the floor for interested candidates for the co-chair position. Maureen Wepngong expressed her interest. The group discussed the voting process, considering either a Discord poll or an immediate vote with lazy consensus.                                                                                                                                                       | Darlington to confirm other potential candidates for co-chair. Terence to put up a Discord poll for three days once names are confirmed.                                                                                                                   |
| Maureen Wepngong Voted Co-Chair          | Maureen Wepngong was formally nominated and successfully voted in as co-chair by a show of hands, with quorum achieved.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Congratulations to Maureen Wepngong on her new role.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Leadership Meeting                       | Terence will be setting up a new meeting for leadership, as the previous event could not be transferred.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Darlington to decline the old leadership meeting invite. Terence to add Maureen to the Discord chat for leadership and coordinate a meeting time.                                                                                                          |
| Blockchain Credentials Working Group     | Darlington proposed creating a working group to explore the possibility of Intersect issuing blockchain credentials to members (e.g., for membership, committee service, or chairing roles) using SSI technology or a mainnet. Maureen, Akheel, and Sanjaya expressed interest in participating. The initial focus of this group would be on estimating costs.                                      | Form a working group for blockchain credentials. The first action item for this group is to gather cost estimates and consult with the web team and other relevant parties. Details regarding the working group will be shared in the MCC Discord channel. |
| Intersect Member Portal Review           | Terence presented a Figma prototype of the new Intersect member portal, highlighting sections for working groups and committee pages. The portal aims to improve visibility of groups, simplify joining, and provide detailed group information. It will also feature functionalities for requesting and managing working groups, all subject to approval flows.                                    | Committee members are encouraged to provide their input on the new portal feature. Lorenzo from the product team is still expected to present to the MCC.                                                                                                  |
| Working Documents & Portal Integration   | Sanjaya asked if working documents would be available directly on the new portal. Terence clarified that these documents would remain in Google Drive due to security and capability limitations, but links to the drive documents would be included in the meeting minutes displayed on the portal.                                                                                                | No new action items.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Camera On Expectation                    | Terence reiterated the general expectation for committee members to have their cameras on during meetings when possible. This helps foster better connection within the group and aligns with general meeting guidelines.                                                                                                                                                                           | Committee members are encouraged to keep their cameras on during meetings when feasible.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| NFT Badges & Membership Tiers            | Maureen inquired about past discussions regarding NFT badges for members. Terence explained that while there were plans for NFT badges to accompany the recently rolled out badges, the functionality wasn't developed, likely due to changes in staffing and consultant capabilities. Sanjaya raised a related point about associate badges not being automatically granted to individual members. | Darlington and Terence to investigate membership plans and badge distribution, specifically addressing the associate badge for individual members.                                                                                                         |
| Meeting Minutes & Standardization        | Terence shared the standardized format for meeting minutes, which is being implemented across all committees. He requested that members review the published minutes for any discrepancies in attendance records.                                                                                                                                                                                   | Committee members should review the published meeting minutes for accuracy, particularly regarding attendance.                                                                                                                                             |
| Meeting Onboarding & Information Request | Terence requested that, at the start of meetings, committee members share their title, affiliation, and any conflicts of interest in the chat for improved transparency and awareness.                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Attendees are requested to provide their title, affiliation, and any conflicts of interest in the meeting chat.                                                                                                                                            |
| MCC Documentation & Public Pages         | Terence highlighted the need to publish MCC-related documents, such as the charter and other key outputs, to the public-facing MCC page on the Intersect website. He suggested mirroring the approach of the Open Source Committee page and provided access to the GitHub backend for this purpose.                                                                                                 | Identify useful MCC documents from Google Drive for public publication. Explore archiving older documents. Darlington and Terence will collaborate on pull requests for documentation updates.                                                             |
| Google Drive Organization                | The discussion touched upon the current disorganization of the Google Drive folders, noting many subfolders and files. Terence offered his assistance in organizing the drive.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Committee members can provide feedback on organizing the Google Drive folders. Terence offered his assistance with Google Drive navigation.                                                                                                                |
| Discord Channel Management               | Maureen expressed feeling overwhelmed by the large number of Discord channels. Terence demonstrated how to minimize and mute channels to reduce clutter and notifications.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Maureen to try minimizing and muting Discord channels. Terence will follow up with Maureen separately regarding any Discord access issues for specific private channels.                                                                                   |
