# Meeting Minutes December 09, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                   | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| ---------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Maureen Wepngong       | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Abhik Nag              | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera   | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Akheel Fouze           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Boaz Balume            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya           | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ian McCullough         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Jose Iadicicco         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |
| Laurentine Djatsa      | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Olivier Rishi Mataboro | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2026   |

Other Attendees:

* Chaya
* Darlington Wleh
* Dzubang Mermoz
* Gintama
* Terence McCutcheon
* Wilco van de Burgwal



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/12/09 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1O2ZcwQEI3-hH11CCdxjQqmTkwTmDxeoT/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/12/09 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mXDH34_aarcx2qZFhWwuAYtLux86Bj8dDIEHJabHm24/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/12/09 - Chat ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gstrZkouNP7jPx1gQQ2M_i1s0yKxG2QG/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

Akheel: Logistician by profession\
Abhik: TBD\
Boaz: TBD\
Fanny: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
Ian: TBD\
Jose: TBD\
Laurentine: TBD\
Maureen: MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
Olivier: TBD\
Sanjaya: MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon

## Agenda 12.09.25

* Opening & Alignment
* Status Updates
* Workstream Ownership Confirmation
* Confirm Leads and Supports
* One-pager submission
* Task Board Walkthrough
* December Execution Priorities
* Communication & Community Access
* Task Board -Live date?
* Working Groups Directory - Publication

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* **December Focus:** The main focus for December is alignment, structuring, task assignment, and communication.
* **Open Participation:** Anyone is free to join a supporting group on any workstream, regardless of committee membership.
* **Office Hours Host Lead:** Sanjaya will take the lead on hosting the Open Office Hours spaces. The specific time will be set by him.
* **Office Hours Schedule (Flexible):** The Open Office Hours will be held twice per week (Monday and a later day like Thursday or Friday), with the lead (Sanjaya) determining the time and notifying the committee.

#### Actions

* **Abhik:** Check on and resolve the issue with the wrong Discord event link.
* **Maureen:** Send an email to Terence outlining the desired structure for the ClickUp task management board.
* **Maureen:** Compile the workstream goals into a task board and share it internally on Discord before the next meeting.
* **Sanjaya:** Determine and communicate the start time for the weekly Open Office Hours, coordinating with ABS/the other host if necessary, giving at least two days' notice.
* **All Workstream Leads:** Await Maureen's signal after the task board is complete to begin focusing on January deliverables and strategy.

| Topic                                       | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Start & Attendance                  | Maureen started the meeting, noting the chaotic December. Several members joined late, and there was an issue with a wrong Discord event link, which Wilco and Akheel mentioned.                                                                                                                                         | Abhik to check the Discord event link issue.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Workshop Review & Workstreams               | Maureen provided a brief overview of the previous workshop's discussions, focusing on workstream ownership and confirmation. She shared the Mirror board outlining the five major focus areas for the next three months: Operational Foundation & Process, Onboarding, Member Benefits, Communication, and Transparency. | The current focus for December is alignment, structuring, task assignment, and communication.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Workstream Leads & Deliverables             | Each workstream has a lead (indicated by a letter code, e.g., 'A' for Akil) and some have supporting roles. The goal is to create a task board with assigned tasks, people, and deadlines. Maureen mentioned the "one-pager" documents summarizing each workstream's 3-month goals and timelines.                        | Each workstream lead has submitted a one-pager document.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Task Management Tool (ClickUp)              | Terence suggested using ClickUp for task tracking, due dates, and links, to avoid duplicating work, as access is already available to committee members.                                                                                                                                                                 | Maureen to send an email to Terence outlining the desired structure for the ClickUp board. Terence noted all committee members have access and can add their tasks.                                                                                                             |
| Mirror Board Codes                          | Abhik asked about the codes (e.g., W1, A3, C2) on the Mirror board.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Maureen clarified that these codes relate to the project/workstream leads and supporting roles (e.g., 'A' for lead, 'A2' for supporter). The final board will be less cryptic.                                                                                                  |
| Open Participation                          | Maureen emphasized that anyone is free to join a supporting group on any workstream, regardless of committee membership, and should simply indicate their interest.                                                                                                                                                      | Any community member can join a workstream supporting group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| December Priorities: Communication & Spaces | Sanjaya suggested increased communication and outreach, specifically hosting Open Office Hours on Mondays to gather community feedback, which can then be discussed in the Tuesday MCC call. A follow-up session (Thursday or Friday) was also proposed.                                                                 | Sanjaya shared a Google worksheet for logging community concerns and an X (Twitter) posting schedule.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Open Office Hours Scheduling                | The immediate need is to determine two fixed time slots (Monday and a later day like Thursday or Friday) with the majority availability of MCC members to start the Open Office Hours calls.                                                                                                                             | Maureen suggested voting on a fixed time now instead of using a scheduling tool (like "Let's Meet") due to anticipated complexity.                                                                                                                                              |
| Monday Time Slot Discussion                 | After discussion and voting between 6 PM UTC and 1 PM UTC for Monday's call, the vote was tied.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | A fixed time could not be determined by a majority vote.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Host-Decided Timing                         | Terence suggested that the lead for the initiative should decide the time, as they are responsible for hosting. Others can join if they are available.                                                                                                                                                                   | Sanjaya agreed to host and will coordinate the time (between 1 PM and 6 PM UTC) with the other host/ABS, giving a two-day notice. Action: Sanjaya to determine and communicate the start time for next week.                                                                    |
| Upcoming Task Board                         | Maureen will compile the workstream goals into a task board and share it internally on Discord before the next meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Task board will be shared internally on Discord for feedback before the next meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Working Group Directory                     | Maureen wanted to discuss Sanjaya's compiled directory of Intersect Working Groups, suggesting it should be made easily visible and accessible on the website for people to join.                                                                                                                                        | Terence showed where the Working Group information currently resides (under "Intersect Committees" in the Knowledge Base), noting it is often out of date and hard to find. The process for updating the website is lengthy.                                                    |
| X (Twitter) Posting Strategy                | Sanjaya raised the need for a clear approval process for MCC-related tweets, especially for urgent updates (e.g., a dev report).                                                                                                                                                                                         | Terence suggested creating a schedule for regular posts and building a strategy for what content is posted and why (the intended benefit). Maureen suggested focusing on getting tasks done so there are substantial updates to share, reducing the need for constant approval. |
| Social Media Strategy Contribution          | Haya mentioned she submitted a one-pager on a multi-tiered social media strategy, aiming to bring people into the ecosystem and increase engagement.                                                                                                                                                                     | Maureen confirmed Haya's one-pager is excellent and will be integrated into the Communication/Onboarding workstream.                                                                                                                                                            |
| Next Steps for One-Pagers                   | Fanny asked about the next steps for the submitted one-pagers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Maureen will create the task board first and will notify leads when they should start focusing on January deliverables.                                                                                                                                                         |
