# Meeting Minutes July 22, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="199.2890625"></th><th width="116.66015625"></th><th width="135.79296875"></th><th width="158.46875"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Attendance</td><td>Role</td><td>Voting Seat  (Y/N)</td><td>Election Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Terence McCutcheon</td><td>Yes</td><td>Secretary</td><td>N</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Darlington Wleh</td><td>Yes</td><td>Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Maureen Wepngong</td><td>Yes</td><td>Vice Chair</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Ha Nguyen</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Matthew Capps</td><td>No</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Akheel Fouze</td><td>No</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Sanjaya Wanigasekera</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>October 2025</td></tr><tr><td>Boaz Balume</td><td>No</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Fanny Wijaya</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Laurentine Djatsa</td><td>Yes</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr><tr><td>Nathan Kanapi</td><td>No</td><td>Member/Seat</td><td>Y</td><td>April 2026</td></tr></tbody></table>

Other Attendees:

* Gintama
* Jay Des
* P. Lucas

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/22 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eiZbTxUS2CbIjkyXj3T9Hw8wxfYlhs1V/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/22 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JtuFsg4qOE_Dp4X_wLodZNE_4mSRudaz8fHsBFSlTzk/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/22 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hMBuUmbNbdkFSOoOxBZ9_ET89oicN060/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz**: TBD\
**Darlington**: Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny**: Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha**: Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine**: TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 7.22.25

* Welcome/Catch Up
* Committee Member Dismissal Updates
* Charter Discussion (Set Deadline)
* Future work streams
* AOB

## Decisions/Actions

**Decisions:**

* Nathan's Committee Membership: The group agreed to follow the newly approved committee member dismissal policy for Nathan. This means:
  * Week 4: Notification of attendance issues (happening next week).
  * Week 5: Email to Nathan requesting participation.
  * Week 6: Second email to Nathan (notifying ISC) regarding potential removal due to lack of participation.
  * Week 8 (First week of September): Official vote on removal if no improvement.
  * Maureen will also reach out to Nathan to see if he wishes to resign.
* MCC Charter - Community Hubs: The committee voted to amend the "Purpose and Function" section of the MCC Charter. The phrase related to "expansion and operation of community hubs" will be changed to simply "support community hubs." This acknowledges Intersect's shift in direct funding while maintaining the MCC's role in assisting independent hubs.
* MCC Charter - Working Groups: The committee voted to remove the mention of "working groups" from the "Why is the committee important?" section of the MCC Charter. This clarifies that working groups are a tool available to the committee, rather than a primary function defining its importance.

**Actions:**

* Darlington:
  * Present the finalized MCC Charter to the Intersect Steering Committee for approval.
  * Submit the MCC Charter to the board for final approval.
  * Add the discussed future workstream ideas (membership benefits, increasing membership, restructuring working groups, and badges/NFTs updates) to the Discord channel for further input.
  * Include these future workstreams as a major part of the next meeting's conversation.
* Terence:
  * Send the official notifications to Nathan regarding his attendance, following the dismissal policy timeline.
  * Ensure any issues with badge removal/access are being fixed manually and confirm that public documentation regarding badges is made available.
* Maureen:
  * Reach out to Nathan to discuss his participation and potential resignation.
* Sanjaya:
  * Respond to comments and make changes to the MCC Charter as discussed.

| Topic                                     | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Call to Order & Welcome                   | Darlington opened the meeting and welcomed attendees.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Darlington mentioned this was the first working meeting not focused on scheduling.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Introductions/Check-in                    | Attendees briefly shared updates on their week and current activities.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Sanjaya is busy with education in Sri Lanka. Maureen had a tiring but great week. Fanny is busy but happy to catch up. Ha is busy organizing two blockchain events in Vietnam. Terence is busy with a fourth committee. Gintama is in a good mood due to market pumps. Darlington is busy with a hub grand opening in Nairobi and the Catalyst Explorer.                  |
| Agenda Review                             | Darlington shared the agenda, which included committee member dismissal updates, MCC charter review, and future workstreams.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Terence noted the agenda was in Discord.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Committee Member Dismissal Update         | Darlington proposed discussing Nathan's removal due to lack of participation. Terence explained the newly approved committee member dismissal policy: highlight at 4 weeks, reminder at 5 weeks, second email at 6 weeks (notifying ISC), and official removal vote at 8 weeks. Nathan is currently at 2 weeks.                                                                                                                                                                | Policy: 4 weeks (highlight), 5 weeks (email), 6 weeks (second email + ISC notification), 8 weeks (vote of no confidence/removal). Removal does not affect membership. Replacement considered if committee drops below seven members, or if 60-day window exists before next election. Nathan was elected in April, so his removal wouldn't drop the committee below nine. |
| Nathan's Participation                    | Maureen inquired about Nathan's circumstances, including a previous time conflict and lack of async communication. Terence confirmed only one communication from Nathan. Maureen suggested reaching out to Nathan for a potential resignation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Maureen: "There was this where we did the latest meat availability stuff. He filled it out and did we try to sorry I wasn't there in the other meeting you have the same meetings text. and if we tried and it didn't work out, then okay, I guess it wouldn't make sense to keep this space. Also, I would reach out to him again. Maybe he wants to resign."            |
| MCC Charter Review - Purpose & Function   | Darlington presented the MCC charter for discussion. The initial text described MCC as responsible for fostering a "vibrant inclusive and engaged global COD community," strategic oversight for membership, expansion and operation of community hubs, managing working groups, and driving education/accessibility initiatives.                                                                                                                                              | Discussion arose regarding the "expansion and operation of community hubs" line.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Community Hubs Discussion                 | Sanjaya suggested cutting "expansion" and keeping "operations" as six hubs are already active. Terence clarified that hubs are largely being left to the community, with no plans for Intersect to renew direct funding beyond a short-term extension into 2025. Pedro raised concerns about organizing the annual members meeting (AMM) without Intersect-supported hubs.                                                                                                     | Terence: "I think the hubs are being left to the community at this juncture." Intersect will utilize hubs for future AMM events, but will not directly support their funding. Hubs can source alternative funding and rebrand.                                                                                                                                            |
| MCC Role in Community Hubs                | The group discussed whether MCC should still claim to support community hubs in its charter given Intersect's shift. Sanjaya believed MCC should continue to support hubs, citing previous membership onboarding. Ha suggested removing the part about community hubs from the charter and supporting admin tasks or online sessions if requested. Laurentine noted a previous proposal for working groups didn't pass, and supported financially aiding well-performing hubs. | Darlington suggested changing the wording to simply "support community hubs" to reflect indirect assistance (e.g., knowledge sharing, organizing shared spaces). Terence advised defining a specific section on community hubs if it remains a primary function.                                                                                                          |
| Charter Approval Process                  | Terence explained that the finalized charter would go to the Intersect Steering Committee for presentation by Darlington, and then require board approval.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Two steps of approval beyond the MCC's agreement.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| "Why is the committee important?" section | The paragraph stated MCC ensures Intersect's member base is thriving, diverse, and empowered, serving as a bridge through events, educational tools, working groups, and outreach.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Discussion ensued about removing "working groups" from this section as it might be a tool rather than a core purpose.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Working Groups Vote                       | A vote was held to remove "working groups" from the text. The majority voted to remove it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Consensus to remove "working groups" from this specific paragraph, clarifying that working groups are a tool, not a core purpose.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Future Workstreams                        | Sanjaya highlighted the need to define membership benefits for existing and future Intersect members, especially with the renewal period approaching. Maureen emphasized the need to increase membership numbers and understand why current working groups are "DOA" (Dead On Arrival), suggesting smaller, more focused groups.                                                                                                                                               | Membership benefits for renewal period. Increase membership. Restructure working groups to improve engagement.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Badges and NFTs Update                    | Sanjaya asked for an update on badges and NFTs. Terence stated that badge removal was a system error being fixed, and members should regain access. He requested public documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Badge removal was a system error. Documentation to be made public.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Adjournment                               | Darlington thanked everyone and closed the meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Next meeting will discuss future workstreams and a potential roadmap.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
