---
hidden: true
---

# Meeting Minutes July 8, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Jay Des

**7/08 Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/08 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10dTQ_TZ3kto-T1zlxu3OMfnxvhGxhnzn/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/08 07:56 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1troUjv0zzbPRnUDbDplGy7mIs5d-AGlR4zvIBZQ4XYM/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/08 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mWS7n2Hy3uLU3tHYsSL5BrztkTZVgTuv/view?usp=sharing)

**7/11 Recording:** [MCC Placeholder - Meeting - 2025/07/11 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1REVPSLwOCOOyO-CESsES4EmRegtfA5Zx/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [MCC Placeholder - Meeting - 2025/07/11 - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14f-SodkzNpkhXQXH756rQ8HCkv5DI7TP3iWyUNfHV4g/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/07/11 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eFznKyRhhOUrIkdy0bNGEEUr7Nd7EFkZ/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** TBD\
**Fanny:** TBD\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** TBD\
**Nathan:** TBDi\
**Sanjaya:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 7.08.25 / 7.11.25

* Cadence discussions
* Membership/Badges
* Open Forum

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A
* Action: N/A

| Topic                                        | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Schedule and Attendance              | Terence introduced the challenge of finding a consistent meeting time for all members, noting three upcoming meetings (9 PM UTC, 4 AM UTC, 11 AM UTC). Akheel mentioned preference for a 2 PM West Coast time call. Darlington stated 9 PM UTC is difficult but would accommodate if it works for everyone. | Multiple meeting times are being explored to accommodate diverse schedules. Matthew and Nathan's availability remains a challenge.                                                                            |
| Meeting Minutes Review                       | Terence encouraged everyone to review past meeting minutes, highlighting the importance of staying updated and correcting any discrepancies in attendance records.                                                                                                                                          | Minutes are typically posted within three days of a meeting.                                                                                                                                                  |
| Draft Charter Finalization                   | Sanjaya offered to finalize the draft charter by the next meeting, provided members provide their feedback. Maureen asked for clarification on providing feedback.                                                                                                                                          | The charter has been available for weeks for review and input. Members are encouraged to provide feedback for approval.                                                                                       |
| Member Affiliations                          | Terence explained the purpose of the affiliation statement in the meeting chat, which is to disclose titles, workplaces, and potential conflicts of interest. Sanjaya noted that the charter includes a member list where occupations and affiliations can be added.                                        | Members with "TBD" next to their names in the minutes should provide their affiliation information.                                                                                                           |
| Membership Renewal and Badging               | Darlington initially believed membership renewal was due in July, but Terence clarified that renewals are staggered based on when members joined, with a larger group in October. Terence is seeking clear documentation on badging and its connection to membership renewal.                               | Members have up to six months to renew without losing prior history, but the badging aspect needs further clarification. Terence plans to share documentation and potentially give a presentation on badging. |
| Driving Membership Renewals                  | Terence suggested the MCC brainstorm innovative ways to encourage renewals, such as surveying members on their excitement or concerns about renewing. He noted low voting participation (25% of active members, including individual and enterprise).                                                       | The committee should explore strategies to increase member engagement and renewal rates.                                                                                                                      |
| Information Flow in the Community            | Terence raised concerns about information loss between various community entities (Discord, committee meetings) and a lack of feedback reaching the MCC or Intersect.                                                                                                                                       | The committee needs to identify breakdowns in information transfer and feedback mechanisms within the community.                                                                                              |
| Charter Revisions                            | Darlington suggested encouraging comments and questions on the charter and discussing it as a group for ratification. He specifically recommended removing "working group stuff" from the charter as it implies forming working groups is the primary purpose of the MCC, which he believes is incorrect.   | Members are encouraged to add comments and suggestions to the charter document for group review and potential ratification.                                                                                   |
| Committee Member Resignation Policy          | Maureen inquired about the replacement process if a committee member resigns. Terence explained that replacement is generally not necessary unless the committee drops below seven members and is more than 90 days out from an election cycle.                                                             | A committee can function with as few as seven members. Replacements are rare, especially close to election cycles.                                                                                            |
| Use of "Cardano" Name and Logo in Activities | Fanny asked if the "Cardano" name and logo could be used for town halls and activities in Indonesia. Darlington confirmed that general permissive use is allowed as long as it adheres to the Cardano Foundation's brand guidelines. Terence shared the "Intersect brand book."                             | The Intersect brand book is available in the MCC channel for reference on usage guidelines.                                                                                                                   |
| Confirming Optimal Meeting Time              | Darlington reiterated the difficulty in coordinating meeting times and proposed sticking with the original 1 PM UTC time due to it having previously achieved quorum.                                                                                                                                       | The 1 PM UTC time will be prioritized for future meetings, with Matthew's availability being a key factor for leadership discussions.                                                                         |
| Addressing Inactive Members                  | Darlington noted that some members, like Nathan, are not active in Discord, suggesting Terence's presentation on member inactivity might be relevant.                                                                                                                                                       | Terence will continue to try and reach out to inactive members like Nathan.                                                                                                                                   |
