# Meeting Minutes September 16, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) | Election Cycle |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 | N/A            |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Maureen Wepngong     | No         | Vice Chair  | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Matthew Capps        | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | October 2025   |
| Boaz Balume          | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Fanny Wijaya         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 | April 2026     |

Community/Other Attendees:

* Adam Rusch
* Gintama



**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/09/16 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Qkt1Mrt5dh7yZZY5pwen7dE2sY3h51Ta/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/09/16 07:57 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13xoHG6Ewaql-ogyKQAK26XS7HD5E3uwIdxfqgBCgIjs/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2025/09/16 - Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W-eT_oAFw8Qvw1ReDiQVhpobXTyVOwpX/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** Cardano Ambassador, Co-Dream @ Cardano over Coffee, 2 lovelaces, LidoNation\
**Fanny:** Cardano Ambassador Indonesia, Founder: Cardano Woman & Cardano Hub Indonesia\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** MCC Vice Chair, Web developer, Founder @ Giiyo Tech\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** MCC Member, Community Manager Coin Ceylon\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 9.16.25

* N/A

## Decisions/Actions

#### Decisions

* **Annual Member Survey:** The committee decided to submit specific questions about membership benefits for inclusion in an upcoming annual member survey.
* **Next Meeting:** It was decided that the committee would meet again next Tuesday at the same time. The agenda would focus on the survey, membership benefits, and election reform.
* **Hubs Working Group:** The group decided to formally re-establish the Hubs Working Group, with Fanny and Sanjaya volunteering to lead.
* **Town Hall Participation:** Darlington tentatively agreed to attend the upcoming Town Hall meeting on the 25th to provide an update on the MCC.
* **Collaboration with the Board:** The committee decided to schedule a meeting with new board members in mid-October to discuss the membership benefits document and other committee proposals.

#### Actions

* **Darlington:**
  * Draft a message to invite hub managers to the next meeting.
  * Draft a document or list of questions regarding membership benefits to be included in the annual survey.
  * Continue to update the ClickUp with meeting tasks and notes.
  * Send a draft message to the internal chat for Twitter dissemination to boost participation.
* **Terence:**
  * Check with internal resources about the Town Hall date and provide an update on the survey.
* **Matthew:**
  * Take the lead on a task force to approach key individuals at Intersect to discuss and implement the proposed changes to member benefits.
  * Merge and format the membership benefits document to prepare it for presentation to partners.
* **Fanny & Sanjaya:**
  * Lead the newly re-established Hubs Working Group.
  * Begin work on a proposal for the board regarding a new model for hubs.
* **Akheel:**
  * Share his questions for the member survey in the chat.
* **Committee Members:**
  * Read the election reform document and provide comments before the next meeting.
  * Keep an eye out for a meeting invitation regarding the survey.

| Topic                        | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Meeting Preparation & Agenda | Darlington inquired about the readiness for Catalyst voting and mentioned there were "too many proposals." The meeting struggled with a lack of a pre-defined agenda, which Terence noted hadn't been updated in ClickUp.                 | Terence shared a Town Hall meeting was scheduled for the 25th or 29th and requested committee attendance. The group settled on discussing the annual member survey, a presentation on the MCC's focus for the rest of the year, and setting the next meeting. |
| Annual Member Survey         | The discussion focused on adding specific questions about membership benefits to an upcoming annual survey to get a wider reach. The goal was to finalize these questions by Monday to submit them to the IC.                             | Matthew suggested including a Net Promoter Score to establish a baseline for membership satisfaction. Akheel and Fanny agreed to provide their questions via chat.                                                                                            |
| Membership Benefits          | The group discussed next steps for the membership benefits document. Matthew proposed forming a task force to approach owners of existing services to implement simple improvements and then communicate these changes to the membership. | Laurentine raised a concern about the lack of tangible benefits for enterprise-level members, who pay a significant fee, citing a personal experience with a lapsed membership and no follow-up on promised opportunities.                                    |
| Hub Engagement & Funding     | Fanny presented her findings on the status of various hubs, noting that three—Sri Lanka, Japan, and Wada—were active, while others were not. She suggested implementing KPIs for hubs to maintain consistency.                            | The conversation shifted to funding, as the contracts for all hubs had expired. The committee acknowledged they had no current budget to incentivize these KPIs. Akheel suggested proposing a grant to the board to fund the hubs.                            |
| Collaboration with the Board | The committee addressed the need for board input on the hubs and membership benefits. Adam, a board member, suggested a meeting with the new board members in mid-October to discuss the committee's findings and proposals.              | Adam emphasized the importance of a formal process for committees to present their thought processes to the board, ensuring proposals are legally and realistically supported.                                                                                |
| Hubs Working Group           | Sanjaya and Fanny expressed interest in re-forming the hubs working group. Fanny would lead with assistance from Sanjaya. The group's immediate task is to create a refined proposal for the board.                                       | The group decided to formally re-establish the working group to develop a new, smaller-scale model for hub engagement that may not be tied to funding.                                                                                                        |
| Election Reform Document     | Gama presented a document on election reform. He identified a problem with candidates who only engage during election cycles, which overlooks active, contributing members.                                                               | Gama proposed that active participation in working groups and community events should be a prerequisite for running in an election. He noted that contributor recognition will be improved with upcoming badge updates in October.                            |
| Next Meeting Actions         | The committee agreed to meet again next Tuesday at the same time. The agenda for the next meeting would include a discussion of the survey, the membership benefits document, and Gama's election reform proposal.                        | The committee decided to invite hub managers to the next meeting to gather their feedback.                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Closing                      | The meeting concluded with plans to continue discussions on Discord, with Darlington drafting the message to hub managers. The group thanked everyone for their participation.                                                            | The conversation ended on a friendly, conversational note, with members signing off.                                                                                                                                                                          |
