# Meeting Minutes May 20, 2025

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Attendance | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Terence McCutcheon   | Yes        | Secretary   | N                 |
| Darlington Wleh      | Yes        | Chair       | Y                 |
| TBD                  | No         | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen            | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze         | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Boaz Balume          | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Fanny Wijaya         | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Laurentine Djatsa    | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Maureen Wepngong     | Yes        | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Nathan Kanapi        | No         | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Akheel F, Benjamin Hart, Darlington Wleh, ha nguyen, Laurentine Djatsa, Maureen Wepngong, Sanjaya Wanigasekera, Terence McCutcheon

Other Attendees:

* N/A

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/05/20 07:58 CDT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MuBSMqR90-T4xjGa7JaAliSwY2mzZjAt/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - 2025/05/20 07:58 CDT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QDM3Vhk8iXcWbFTAwRE32vYvw8IG3WeTyMztzkn91aU/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** Chat not Captured.

## Intros

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession\
**Boaz:** TBD\
**Darlington:** TBD\
**Fanny:** TBD\
**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader\
**Laurentine:** TBD\
**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO\
**Maureen:** TBD\
**Nathan:** TBD\
**Sanjaya:** TBD\
**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/GMC Secretary

## Agenda 5.20.25

* Intro from Chair
* New Member Introductions
* Onboarding Deck
* Future for MCC
* Re-confirm Meeting Cadence

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A Action: N/A Although enough Members attended, attendance was verified and missing Members were not able to catch up and contribute to decisions. Quorum not met, under these conditions.&#x20;

| Topic                               | Discussion                                                                                                                                                                                                | Action Items                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome & Greetings                 | Attendees greeted each other. Darlington Wleh mentioned feeling full after eating, and ha nguyen expressed a desire to visit Kenya.                                                                       | N/A                                                                                                                        |
| Cardano Center in Kenya             | Darlington Wleh announced the opening of a Cardano center in Kenya, with a grand opening party being planned.                                                                                             | N/A                                                                                                                        |
| Vietnam Visa Issues                 | Darlington Wleh explained difficulties with obtaining visas for Vietnam, citing unhelpful responses from the embassy.                                                                                     | N/A                                                                                                                        |
| Meeting Invitation Issues           | Terence McCutcheon noted that new members were not invited to the meeting.                                                                                                                                | Terence McCutcheon to ping new members on Discord and add them to the invite.                                              |
| Access to ClickUp                   | Darlington Wleh inquired about access to ClickUp.                                                                                                                                                         | Darlington Wleh to explore ClickUp.                                                                                        |
| Working Group Update Prioritization | Terence McCutcheon apologized for not prioritizing a working group update, stating the meeting was primarily for onboarding.                                                                              | N/A                                                                                                                        |
| Postponement of Onboarding Session  | Due to the absence of new members, there was a discussion about postponing the onboarding session.                                                                                                        | Meeting to be potentially postponed to next week if new members are not present.                                           |
| Meeting Invitation Confusion        | Maureen Wepngong and Akheel F were unaware of the meeting, citing conflicting invitation information. Terence McCutcheon took responsibility for the confusion.                                           | Terence McCutcheon to ensure accurate meeting invitations are sent.                                                        |
| Committee Polls                     | Darlington Wleh mentioned there should be polls regarding meeting times and dates for consensus.                                                                                                          | Terence McCutcheon to set up polls for meeting cadence.                                                                    |
| Meeting Status and Quorum           | Discussion ensued about whether to proceed with the meeting given the absence of new members, despite having a quorum. The primary focus was onboarding new members.                                      | Decision made to close the meeting and pick it up next week. Darlington Wleh to follow up with absent new members via DMs. |
| Ben's Term and Future Participation | Benjamin Hart clarified his term status, confirming he is no longer an appointed member of the MCC but expressed willingness to attend future meetings until the end of the month for onboarding support. | Benjamin Hart to be kept on invites for future meetings and other committees.                                              |
| Committee Conflicts                 | Benjamin Hart highlighted a direct conflict between this meeting and the product committee meeting.                                                                                                       | Terence McCutcheon to try and resolve scheduling conflicts between committees.                                             |
| Meeting Adjournment                 | The meeting was adjourned, with apologies for the confusion and thanks to attendees.                                                                                                                      | N/A                                                                                                                        |
