# Meeting Minutes October 29, 2024

## Attendees:&#x20;

* Nori Nishigaya [nori@bridgebuilders.io](mailto:nori@bridgebuilders.io)
* Yuta [yutacreate@gmail.com](mailto:yutacreate@gmail.com)
* Terence “Tex” McCutcheon [Terence McCutcheon](mailto:terence.mccutcheon@intersectmbo.org)
* Katarina Ciric [katarina.ciric@bloxico.com](mailto:katarina.ciric@bloxico.com)
* Karen Wickham [Karen Wickham](mailto:karen.wickham@intersectmbo.org)
* Nick Cook [Nick Cook](mailto:nick.cook@intersectmbo.org)
* Thiago Nunes [thiago@cardanowarriors.io](mailto:thiago@cardanowarriors.io)
* Kriss Baird
* Fayyaadh Adams
* Ha Nguyen&#x20;
* Darlington Wleh

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/10/29 14:58 GMT – Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1\_lmn2H8IfDAxU6EMQFlgxJag81LdL3Ae/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/10/29 14:58 GMT – Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sl-clvt9ISYxD7mAcljXJvr50pDiOJioEw\_bjE-xNyI/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/1/29](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GlMDNRfkf7BfF0R7uVdboedhrdMTOgfb/view?usp=sharing)

**Onboarding Slides:** [MCC Committee Member On-boarding](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1U0cE38udA558fdEUCARey3IG11xImaEIr49aaEHAyUo/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chair/Co-Chair Election Form:** [Committee Chair Election form](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1\_\_CwyysVv4HWt-DDZabozVQxBPHOUUrMb-jdP7q3Scw/edit?usp=sharing)

## Intros

NAME: Description of Position, Title, COI, etc.

Tex: Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

## Agenda 10.29.24

* See Agenda Here: [Oct 29th MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QS-YCHnO4lUfwF2SY9BuXKzcvo60HcXHRF6Z8e\_EA74/edit?usp=sharing)



| Discussion Point                 | Notes                                                                                                                                               | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                           |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| New Member Onboarding            | Discussed onboarding process, meeting cadence, and upcoming chair elections. Reviewed election results and async threads for welcoming new members. | <p>Continue onboarding and close onboarding async threads.</p><p><br></p>             |
| 2025 Membership Plan             | Nick Cook proposed making the 2025 membership plan and Hub performance metrics available for review before discussions.                             | <p>Nick to prepare documents for review.</p><p><br></p>                               |
| Budget Review                    | Noted upcoming budget review and comments section on the agenda.                                                                                    | <p>Prepare for budget review discussions.</p><p><br></p>                              |
| Housekeeping                     | Decided to close async threads related to onboarding and chair elections due to quorum.                                                             | <p>Close specified async threads.</p><p><br></p>                                      |
| Working Group Updates            | Grants Working Group update: Katarina Ciric focuses on the budget; Gemma manages current grants. Marketing Working Group on a break.                | <p>Continue grant work; marketing updates to be provided next meeting.</p><p><br></p> |
| Annual Members Meeting           | Yuta requested feedback on the AMM format by November 1st.                                                                                          | <p>Members to provide feedback by November 1st.</p><p><br></p>                        |
| MCC Chair and Co-Chair Elections | Discussed chair and co-chair elections process. Encouraged members to express interest by October 31st and vote in the next meeting.                | <p>Members to fill out the candidate spreadsheet by October 31st.</p><p><br></p>      |
| Meeting Time Adjustment          | Darlington requested a 30-minute delay in meeting time due to a recurring conflict.                                                                 | <p>Survey members via Doodle poll for optimal meeting time.</p><p><br></p>            |
| Engaging Interested Members      | Encouraged engaging candidates who ran for MCC roles but weren’t elected to participate in working groups.                                          | <p>Reach out to interested members.</p><p><br></p>                                    |
| Closing Action Items             | Review MCC budget sheet and assign tasks for budget comments. Decide on which async threads to close.                                               | <p>Verify and close inactive async threads; continue budget review.</p><p><br></p>    |
