# Meeting Minutes November 26, 2024

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nori Nishigaya           | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh          | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Secretary   | N                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps            | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric           | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ben Hart                 | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen                | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera     | Member/Seat | Y                 |

Other Attendees:

* Abbie Yeates
* Gemma Dakin
* Georgia Hutton
* Karen Wickham
* Kuldip Chana
* Lawrence Clark
* Marina Ramos
* Seomon Register
* Tayla Dix

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/26 14:56 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/19HHyxTY8WosKPOmocT3IkAMByQmPCcDU/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/26 14:56 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZBqx3vDzaDMSXqjCE0N-OtpcpAWnn4RiteEnDYhy3q0/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting – 2024/11/26 Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZT6TeTQMndrYf9OibOnxxwQk4s1EhFJ2/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

**Nori:** Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

**Darlington:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

**Katarina:** TBD

**Sheldon:** TBD

**Benjamin:** TBD

**Yuta:** ICC, Japan Hub Manager

**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

**Sanjaya:** TBD

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession

**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 11.26.24

* See Agenda Here: [Nov 26th MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GaBv8CxzFz0ehErIkjXoIkITeHcbyJgHnoYEwdkzTCg/edit?usp=sharing)\


| Discussion Point                | Notes                                                                                                                              | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Welcome and Agenda Overview     | Nori Nishigaya called the meeting to order, confirmed quorum, and presented the agenda.                                            | N/A                                                                                                                                             |
| Check-in Round                  | Committee members shared their current states and expectations for the meeting.                                                    | N/A                                                                                                                                             |
| Review of Last Meeting          | Reviewed highlights, including member expectations, handling member transitions, and budget proposal progress.                     | N/A                                                                                                                                             |
| Intersect Core Services Update  | Gemma Dakin confirmed focus on constitutional preparations and ongoing hard fork preparations.                                     | N/A                                                                                                                                             |
| Working Group Updates           | Updates from Grants, Marketing, Group Design, and Community Support Working Groups. Discussions on ongoing and planned activities. | <p>- Marketing WG to provide updated proposals.</p><p>- Group Design WG to continue stakeholder identification and project planning.</p>        |
| Intersect 2025 Membership Plans | Presentation on 2025 membership plans covering goals, focus areas, new tiers, and process improvements.                            | <p>- Share slide deck for feedback.</p><p>- Create async thread for discussion and feedback.</p>                                                |
| Core Services Budget Management | Presentation on treasury withdrawal process, budget management, and contract processes for 2025.                                   | <p>- Share presentation slides with committees.</p><p>- Clarify evaluator group structure and community involvement.</p>                        |
| ClickUp Access Discussion       | Discussed committee access to ClickUp and potential for broader community reporting.                                               | <p>- Ensure committee members have access to relevant ClickUp boards.</p><p>- Evaluate wider community access to reporting functionalities.</p> |
| Evaluation Team Structure       | Proposed evaluator group for tender and grant evaluations with potential remuneration.                                             | - Define structure and application process for evaluation group.                                                                                |
| Budget Process                  | Reviewed tracking and management of budgets, committee responsibility for decisions, and quarterly transparency meetings.          | <p>- Continue async work on budget updates.</p><p>- Align committee priorities with updated membership plans and treasury process.</p>          |
| Honorariums for Committees      | Clarified stipends for committee members: 500 ADA/month for members, 1,000 ADA/month for chairs.                                   | - Keep stipends in budget discussions for now but expect central management by Intersect.                                                       |
| Postponement of Next Meeting    | Proposed skipping next week’s meeting due to multiple members attending Argentina’s Constitutional Convention.                     | <p>- Confirm meeting postponement with all committee members.</p><p>- Maintain async communication on key items.</p>                            |
| Marketing WG Budget Concerns    | Feedback from the community noted concerns with the marketing working group’s budget.                                              | - Marketing WG to address feedback and provide an updated budget.                                                                               |
| Educational Internships         | Discussed plans to include educational internships and certifications in the 2025 budget.                                          | <p>- Adjust budget sheets to incorporate these initiatives.</p><p>- Await further details from Nick for final planning.</p>                     |
| Adjournment                     | Meeting adjourned with plans for asynchronous updates and follow-up discussions on budget and membership plans.                    | <p>- Finalize feedback threads for budget and membership plans.</p><p>- Regroup in two weeks after the Argentina convention.</p>                |
