# Meeting Minutes November 12, 2024

## Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                     | Role        | Voting Seat (Y/N) |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | ----------------- |
| Nori Nishigaya           | Chair       | Y                 |
| Darlington Wleh          | Vice Chair  | Y                 |
| Terence ‘Tex’ McCutcheon | Secretary   | N                 |
| Yuki Oshi (Yuta)         | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Matthew Capps            | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Katarina Ciric           | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Benjamin Hart            | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sheldon Hunt             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Akheel Fouze             | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Ha Nguyen                | Member/Seat | Y                 |
| Sanjaya Wanigasekera     | Member/Seat | Y                 |

**Other Attendees:**

* Daniel Ribar
* Fayaadh Adams
* Gintama
* Gnobudy John
* Hannah Williams
* Jordan Hill
* Karen Wickham
* Mubarak Oladimieji(KitWillow)
* Martin Marinov
* Monique Tronchin
* Nick Cook
* Seomon Register
* Thiago Nunes
* TK Princewill

**Recording:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/12 14:53 GMT - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YczLDbaYbDu0w-sTZ7np-7kr5wsB59rk/view?usp=sharing)

**Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/12 14:53 GMT - Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zxvmLjboG3TZ-tTx1EgkdJHH3uUyDTYETAuWwcZGDEE/edit?usp=sharing)

**Chat Transcript:** [Membership & Community Committee - Meeting - 2024/11/12 Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r0ontcizfp6l7zWTVRCPH4fYfo7g5Gps/view?usp=sharing)

## Intros

NAME: Description of Position, Title, COI, etc.

**Nori:** Andamio, ODIN, Bridge Builders

**Darlington:** TBD

**Tex:** Open Source Program Manager, Intersect Staff, OSC/MCC Secretary

**Katarina:** TBD

**Sheldon:** TBD

**Benjamin:** TBD

**Yuta:** ICC, Japan Hub Manager

**Matthew:** Elected member, WG lead, Employed by IO

**Sanjaya:** TBD

**Akheel:** Logistician by profession

**Ha:** Eastern Cardano Council-ICC Member, Cardano Ambassador, DRep Pioneer Leader

## Agenda 11.12.24

* See Agenda Here: [Nov 12th MCC Meeting Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1te3GnDxHJm8h4LQCiu0AiO8fzrmBHyxVQSoQZb3-za0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Decisions/Actions

* Decision: N/A Action: Review/Provide feedback on Member Duty proposal
* Decision: N/A Action: Darlington & Gintama to organize Community Support WG
* Decision: N/A Action: Hannah W. to lead Community Hubs WG
* Decision: N/A Action: Committee members to align to new Cadence
* Decision: N/A Action: Secretary to follow-up on WG formation.&#x20;

| Discussion Point                | Notes                                                                                                                                                                          | Actions: Responsible / Note                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Check-in Round                  | Committee members provided personal updates and disclosed potential conflicts of interest.                                                                                     | All members to add introductions in the chat for record-keeping.                                                                   |
| Agenda Review                   | Overview of the meeting agenda, including updates on the working groups, presentation on community hubs, and discussion on MCC deliverables for 2025.                          | Members to focus discussions and prepare for presentations on upcoming agenda items.                                               |
| Leadership Updates              | Nori Nishigaya continues as Chair through April. Darlington elected as Co-Chair.                                                                                               | Members encouraged to observe leadership meetings and express interest in leadership roles for future cycles.                      |
| Grants Working Group            | The group needs additional support and participants. Members were encouraged to reach out to Katarina or Gemma.                                                                | <p>Members interested in supporting grants to contact group leads.</p><p><br></p>                                                  |
| Marketing Working Group         | Updates on ADA budget oversight and new secretary appointment (Martin Marinov). Plans to collaborate with the Cardano Foundation and Emurgo on specific marketing initiatives. | <p>Members encouraged to participate in the marketing working group and join weekly meetings.</p><p><br></p>                       |
| Group Design Working Group      | Driver approved to enhance transparency and efficiency among Intersect groups. Proposal for member duty framework to be discussed asynchronously.                              | <p>Members to review and provide feedback on member duty framework proposal.</p><p><br></p>                                        |
| Community Support Working Group | Call for members to organize and define the group’s focus, including Discord management and community support.                                                                 | Darlington, Gintama, and other interested members to organize initial meetings and define the group’s focus.                       |
| Community Hubs Plan for 2025    | Hannah Williams presented the Q1 2025 plan for new community hubs. Discussion on creating a Community Hubs Working Group to evaluate hub applications and manage governance.   | Members to form a Community Hubs Working Group and define its remit. Initial focus to include criteria for renewing existing hubs. |
| MCC Deliverables for 2025       | High-level deliverables and objectives for the MCC budget presented. Emphasis on receiving community feedback before finalizing budget details.                                | <p>Members to review miro board and prepare for upcoming community presentations.</p><p><br></p>                                   |
| Budget Proposal Socialization   | Plan to socialize budget deliverables with the community through AMA sessions and presentations.                                                                               | <p>MCC to finalize presentation materials and attend scheduled AMA sessions.</p><p><br></p>                                        |
| DREP Influence on Elections     | Debate on whether DREPs should influence Intersect committee and board elections. Mixed opinions, with suggestions for asynchronous discussion.                                | Start an async thread to discuss the pros and cons of DREP involvement in elections.                                               |
| Community Hub Governance        | Need for clear governance and evaluation criteria for existing and new community hubs.                                                                                         | Community Hubs Working Group to address governance framework and survey results.                                                   |
| Intersect GitBook Updates       | Proposal to update GitBook to make important resources, such as mural boards, easily accessible to all members.                                                                | Update GitBook with Miro board links and relevant MCC information.                                                                 |
| Working Group Cadence Changes   | Weekly MCC meetings will shift to 2 PM UTC starting in December.                                                                                                               | Members to adjust their schedules to accommodate new meeting times.                                                                |
| Town Hall Presentations         | Members are encouraged to prepare and submit slides for MCC-related presentations.                                                                                             | <p>Duplicate slide templates and share final versions for town hall presentations.</p><p><br></p>                                  |
| Closing Remarks                 | Summary of actions and next steps, including formation of new working groups and async threads for pending discussions.                                                        | Follow up on working group formations, thread discussions, and community presentations.                                            |
